okay i\u2019m sorry but TAYLOR SWIFT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE JACKIE O SO STOP COMPARING THE TWO. c\u2019mon America aren\u2019t you sick of her yet? (sorry) 
@user the DC comics site has Batman 44 releases on the 9th but its out now? 
"Frank Gaffrey\u002c Cliff May\u002c Steve Emerson: Brilliant. \""""Looming Threats: Iran\u002c Hezbollah Hamas\"""" is the best #cufidc session I\u2019ve had thus far." 
The tragedy of only thinking up hilarious tweets for the Summer Olympics now is that in four years there may be no place for them. 
"Oliseh meets with Victor Moses in London: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has met with Nigeria and Chelsea ... 
"People always forget the fact that Shawn achieved so much in the age of 16 like his 1st single, EP and FIRST album ALL went #1 on charts" 
it looks like a beautiful night to throw myself off the Brooklyn Bridge ---@Tim_Hecht 
@user WAIT WHAT?!?! SCOTUS makes laws!?!? since when? have i been lied to my entire 8th grade year about gov? (sarcasm intended) 
"Winnipeg Sun: ""But make no mistake: Janet Jackson played to win. And did."" #UnbreakableWinnipeg #UnbreakableWorldTour 
I wanna go to the studio with Ulysses n them tomorrow\u002cbut i cant. #BARS 
@user haven't started! I've been too caught up in TVD but since I finished that I'll probably start it tomorrow 
Better be with Kendrick Lamar 
@user a bit frustrating. I don\u2019t think I\u2019ve added you on my new PSN account. I\u2019ll do it tomorrow. 
Rodeo Saturday anyone going? 
#EDsummit15 is an opportunity for candidates like Carly Fiorina to flesh out education platforms for the 1st time: 
"I just sat through Kanye West's MTV speech, what the fuck was that..." 
@user injures Borderland\u002ctaking him out of the PPV.Who will replace him in the Elimination Chamber match? Watch Asylum this Sunday 
Great article in Rolling Stone on Rod Picott. Check it out!  I'll be interviewing Rod on the August 9th episode... 
Hillary's campaign now reset for the 4th time. Adding humor and heart to a person that has #neither #sadtrombone 
"...Chris Gough with SIYS...Sharknado director, Anthony C. Ferrante (""Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!"" debuted Wed/ re-airs tomorrow 6pm on SyFy)..." 
Fianlly gaming review of Moto G3 and it is a solid performer! 7 Graphics heavy games with Moto G 3rd generation! 
Blow to the Lions...Joel Patfull's out for the season after breaking his hand in Sunday's loss to Adelaide. Surgery Wed morn.  #afl 
"Obama, Merkel, Hollande and others are headed to Lough Erne for the G8 in June - huge story. I'll have more on #bbcnewsline in a few minutes" 
Ooshma Garg started her 2nd successful company\u002c Gobble. Watch how she got to one of her biggest investors--Reid Hoffman 
"#BritishBuddhu if Rahul Gandhi is really a British Citizen, I'm very concerned about the comedians out there. They may be without jobs" 
This next Superbowl is on my (21st) birthday. Random fact of the day. 
I'm getting strong mail that Eden Hazard will become a Roo tomorrow. Pick 39 & Garlett to wherever the f*ck Hazard plays soccer. Good deal 
Hulk Hogan picked the wrong time to be an ass the 1st class of WWE wrestlers are dying off like flies around a zapper #RIPRoddyPiper 
@user is going to be in Tempe tomorrow... 
@user @user David Cameron is like god &amp; guide to Syrian refugees.God may blees the people like David Cameron 
"This weekend on the Fair &amp; Balanced network, Fox News Sunday's guests are crazy conservative Rick Perry and nutty conservative John Kasich." 
I may be sleep deprived but I promise you that some kid at Dunkin today looked like a sprout 
Last tweet of the night\u002c reading will not lose to spurs tomorrow 
@user I installed Madden 16 Deluxe last Monday night for PS4 and still haven't received my packs today nor the reward for opening 50 
2006 NHL 1st overall pick pitching for the White Sox today. 
Not even 20 pages into Paper Towns and the book centers around the night of May 5th. I know its gonna be a good one now! #cincodemayo 
"\""""men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols...CIF turn in\"""" lets hope i have everything" 
@user @user Bret Hart, HBK, and Vince McMahon were now involved in the 2nd best screwjob ever" 
"Red Sox off to another great start. They lead the Phillies after two innings at Fenway 6-0, scoring 2 in the 1st and 4 more in the second" 
"investigative video reveals Planned Parenthood may be committing infanticide, babies born alive, murdered, and sold." ACLJ "with child" KJV 
@user What happened at the Spurs game last night mate? 
Watched a Pride and Prejudice play and then the season finale of the 2nd season of Downton Abbey. Tonight is so British. 
"Yup, guess what? Citizen weren't the happiest supporter last night, Liverpudlian were. The Fact is: finis in 8th, below Everton Asses #LOL" 
"Mariners fall 6-3 to White Sox in 10th in game they led 3-1 into ninth Farquhar takes the loss, Smith the blown save. Another tough pen day." 
Just made a plot for a fan fic about How To Rock. It's gonna be called before gravity 5. I'll post it by Friday can't wait for u to read it. 
@user you might not wanna come to anatomy tomorrow\u002c we have a test lol 
What I plan on eating tomorrow at the @user ... Deep fried Kool-Aid\u002c Deep fried Derby Pie\u002c Deep fried Girl Scout Thin Mints\u002c etc... 
@user @user ha! Probably google. Get some pro ones done for the next time! Off to @user tomorrow! Can't wait 
Donald Trump: I will be in D.C. on Wednesday,1 PM, in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible &amp; incompetent deal being made with Iran. 
Sam Smith singing the new Bond theme... Tomorrow Never Diets 
I went to the Polish Festival on Roncesvalles on Saturday awesome time! 
@user all I can say is that it was very unrealistic. The 1st movie was better-storyline\u002c dialogue! And of course \""""The Grey\"""" thumbs up!" 
Boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand Bayer Leverkusen a 2-1 victory on Sunday evening... 
@user I had Arian Foster so I'm on 26 already, but having Luck and Hilton puts you in a good place going into NFL Sunday." 
@user BY HAVING Seth Rollins as number 1? All credibility is lost. May be the worst WWE champion in history! WWE owns yall? 
@user yea I went to the one at MetLife on August 5th #OTRAMETLIFE 
Woot!  So excited that I get to watch tonight's game. Go Colts!! 
Satan worshipers align with Planned Parenthood to defend the practice of chopping up babies for profit 
So .... Who's up for seeing Ant-Man with me on Saturday? 2:30pm showing. Let me know! 
Very excited for @user #SummerSlam paperview this Sunday. Man I really hope the Undertaker tombstones Brock Lesnar back to the UFC 
@user may i also remind you Milan  was one the original clubs punished in the scandle 
"Foo Fighters in October, Shinedown in November, Jaguars in December, and Razorbacks in between. Are you ready @user ?" 
A BIG day at Cardiff Airport tomorrow for Iron Maiden fans! Watch this space to find out what's going... 
@user not one word deploring attacks on Charlie Hebdo nor barbaric nature of islam in the 21st C as long as it's sharia compliant 
"White Sox have runners on corners with 1 out and are trailing 5-3 in 9th. Ramirez up, Beckham pinch running at 1st for LaRoche." 
Did you know that 'Janet Jackson' was Trending Topic on Thursday 3 for 8 hours in Calgary? #trndnl 
Saw it late but Carlos Gomez may have passed Ryan Braun in most hated baseball players 
Pochettino should have started Alli. He'll probably do a Kane and keep him on the bench till November. Might be too late for him this term 
@user Hi Martina - am at St. Patrick's tomorrow for 10:30 Mass.  Hope to see you then. 
Christians snapchat story makes me want to kill myself..like I feel like a depressed 8th grader going through that emo phase 
'Amazon Prime Day' appeared on Wednesday 15 at the 19th place in the Top20 of Edinburgh's Trends: #trndnl 
My Sunday nights haven\u2019t been the same since @user has been gone from Breakout Kings. I wonder what he\u2019s doing next? Can\u2019t wait 2 c! 
Was just talking about Frank Gifford Sat &amp; sadly he dies on Sun. Maybe I'll be talking about @user today. #gopclowncar 
Jay-Z: Can I get a Fuck You? Jay-Z's Dad: I don't know, CAN you? Jay-Z: MAY I get a Fuck You? Jay-Z's Dad: No, it's supper time. Go wash up. 
".@LenKasper: ""Bryant has hit some big home runs...""  [Kris Bryant hits a game-tying two-run HR in the 8th]" 
If Bernie Sanders gets elected he'll create 2nd depression by high taxes, outsource jobs,small businesses collapsing 
@user I was there for Charlie Hebdo. My sister is going there Dec 2 so I'm updating all my followers on FB. Mom's ok. For now. 
I seriously might just take the fam to Disneyland right now and come back in time for work tomorrow. Got a stack, why not? 
Curtis painter did the curtis Painter last night... a fumble and one walk-in td overthrown by 8 yards. 
@user @user Dear CNN thank you for advertising Sarah Palin was going to be on your show Sunday morning. I didn't watch. Get wise! 
Check out our live coverage of the Apple event here. 
Still not clear whether Yakub will be hanged Thursday! One more challenge to his death sentence in the SC 
"If it ain't broke don't fix it, why move kris Bryant up to 3rd when he's hitting as good as he has all season at 5" 
@user Steelers fans are AWESOME! Just for that, I'm making it my mission to piss off a Brown's fan today hehe #inspiration" 
"I'm about to start barging The Pier every monday, imma just need to stock up on Moebius stickers" 
@user @user May I just point out that even though DT's tweet was horrendous, it was after Charlie Hebdo on January 7th" 
Nice: @user 2nd spot in Amazon Prime's #TV #campaign shows next day delivery coming to rescue of a lame #dog 
@user I feel it is 2nd rate. Mansbridge doesn't point out when Harper's not answering the question. Debaters would do that. 
listening to POETIC JUSTICE for the 1st time #DontJudgeMe 
"I just noticed that Alli Simpson, Sarah, and April follow me. WHY DIDN'T I KNOW HOLY FUDGING FUDGE BALLS. THIS WORLDDDDDDD" 
I rate Lee Dickson but Danny Care has to be on the bench sat for the 2nd test 60 mins with tired legs he will be dangerous #rugby #saeng 
Gucci trousers coconscious desire november extend the biform thine life advanced dispersion headed for no orga... 
even though there is rampage tonight\u002c a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing @user #loveyou 
Obama is putting US on par with every other 3rd world country 
"Caitlyn Jenner is distraught about the prospect of going to female prison. Bruce Jenner, however, is thrilled that his plan may have worked." 
@user @user ur fact: Milan hv a good squad and in the real world fact: Milan is 8th Placer hehe 
@user He may not be preaching it but it is the result of him appearing on shows like Bill Maher. This itself is dangerous. 
@user Arsenal have won three PL games at the Emirates having been two goals down; v Bolton (Mar 08 & Jan 10) and v Spurs (Feb 12). 
going Hilton hotel on Thursday for dinner #cantwaitt 
@user TMILLS is going to Tucson! But the 29th and it\u2019s on a Thursday :( 
"Dec 13, 1965 John Lennon, Paul McCartney and George Harrison meet at NEMS HQ to discuss the group's third film project, A Tallent For Lovng" 
my bestfriend is performing for tomorrow Nurses Day in school. hopefully she'll do fine up on the stage. i love you :* @user 
@user i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow\u002c i barely have a voice.. you and trina are on your own :p 
"#On a walk with Rahul Gandhi #jobs #500K #: #Last Monday, a crowd of about a thousand people stood on a barren... 
Almost 3M between Bey and us! We have to vote harder to take the 1st place Monsters! #MTVStarOf2015 Lady Gaga 
@user @user She has 1st amendment rights of rel,, they could have just taken her name off it. You just hate Christians." 
Petr Cech has been linked with a January move to Atletico Madrid: #CFC 
Christian Ponder would be proud of that 1st quarter passing outburst for the #Vikings 
"If Yakub hangs, it would prove Tiger Memon right. Pakistan's ISI will have the last laugh. 
"Bono,Paul McCartney &amp; Freddie Mercury together on stage during the Live Aid concert at Wembley Stadium on 13 July '85 
"\""Why America May Go To Hell\""- wish it wouldve been completed and i wish i could read the contents of it...  by MLK" 
@user the last time they hit Niall's injured knee, this time Harry's head! They may really hurt them! This NEEDS to stop!" 
Gowns at the ready girls\u002c Q4 update tomorrow! @user @user 
"FRIDAY Get out of the cold &amp; join us at Rum Runners in Dennisport, 9pm. Then bundle up SATURDAY and join George &amp;... 
"Muslims claiming they are victims of oppression, when the Quran keeps them in perpetual isolation 
When the boys pre-recorded their performance of Little Things for the X Factor UK on Sunday\u002c Eleanor was in the audience. #1DNews 
ISAT\u2019s tomorrow. Make it or break it for North Georgia. Getting a good nights sleep tonight. 
I still didn\u2019t watch Degrassi from Friday? What am I doing with my life? Apparently not much. 
"on Black Friday i always thought Kendrick said ""Coney Island!!"" but he says ""Can you Handle It"" lmfaooo #whyamistupid" 
@user Amongst a body of work that is superlative, this may sit near the top; freedom passage is writerly elegance Nirvana" 
I'm so frustrated with Game of Thrones and I'm only on the 10th episode 
Westbound into the U.S.- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - Eastbound into Canada- Trucks No delay -cars no delay 
Presidency: Military may wipe out Boko Haram insurgents ahead deadline: The Nigeria military could wipe the in... 
"In retrospect, the prefunk nap and midnight Red Bull may have been a poor decision. #wired #preparefshiporludicrousspeed" 
later that month (28th of Feb) Calvin posted a photo on his FB w/ Louis from the same night they partied with Briana 
"May the 4th? Nah, today is Star Wars DAY! 
When Sarah Palin met Donald Trump via @user  'If this was journalism, it was not as we know it.' #WhiteHouse2016 
Just put Twilight on then realised what had done and now I'm sat on my stairs thinking about my actions. 
You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine just own the night like the 4th of July - Katy Perry 
@user @user As generally invoked, Islamophobia describes the fear by MSM that after a Terrorist attack, we may hate Muslims." 
Jason Wu - lace\u002c bandeau tops\u002c harnesses and the debut of his 4th bag line\u002c The Carolyn #jasonwu #nyfw 
Done Reading: 4 Aug' 2015 Rate: 5/5 star Review: check it out on goodreads and google+ #bibliophile #book 
I hate that this will be the 3rd year FIFA has legends and PS4 users STILL can't play with them. When is this changing @user 
Such a tough choice... Ghost Rider or Friday the 13th.. 
I always thought Prince was the 18th best songwriter of all time but it's nice of Rolling Stone to confirm that. 
"In case you were wondering, Caitlyn Jenner is responsible for the death of a woman in a car crash in February. How courageous is she now?" 
Last Saturday\u2019s London Children\u2019s Book Swap went swimmingly! see pictures here and read about it on the blog:... 
"anyone interested in a couple of tickets for Runrig tomorrow at the Northern Meeting Park, Inverness?" 
Angela Merkel told UK to take more of her 800,000 immigrants.That was April.Now she's putting in border controls 
Smooches from Fido: Yea or Nay? - July 6th was International Kissing Day (of the human sort). Later in the month\u002c Ca... 
Apple CEO apologizes for error-ridden new map app (+video): Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized Friday for the company... 
@user may he forgot Israel isn't Syria or Afganistan. ..we will see if he beat  or he will be beaten hard 
"I counted five tight points from Anderson in that game, may have been more. Gets a slice of fortune with Murray netting the BH. Holds for 41" 
I want to trade an Ant-Man fig for this Yellowjacket. All from @user June box. Tweet if interested 
It sucks we live in a world where Sharknado is about to start a 4th sequel but we can't get a Tron 3 or Dredd 2. 
Reminder July 22nd @ 3pm i will be hosting an Open Lobby on the Livestream 
@user I've been watching Seinfeld since like the 5th grade 
Fail: Philly Daily News with the 2nd worse possible Frank Gifford death photo v 
"Glenn will personally go to the border to bring in Christians marked for extermination: 'Last Friday, Glenn pl... 
Tomorrow @ 5pm in GSC buy tickets to Ed Sheeran in concert at Riverbend on 9/17. Tickets are $20 cash. See you there! 
If you go down to history books of islam you will see that nothing like Boko Haram fake jihad ever take place 
"Nicki is FED UP! When she 1st came out she was bashed for her creativity, her body, her music. Now her opinions. I don't blame her." 
Roomie and I are moving into our new apartment tomorrow and then going to Disneyland in 3 days. 
Falcao makes it 2-1 in the 26th minute. He is on the Red Team. I refuse to call them the Red Stars and Black Masters. 
Deal of the Hour $2622 & up -- Brazil\u002c Chile\u002c Uruguay & Argentina Tours w/Air: Through April #deals 
In Dunkin today I saw 4 elderly men trying to take a selfie and it may have been the cutest thing I've witnessed in my entire life 
if Selena will release the single next Monday with Taylor's new song she can kiss #1 on iTunes goodbye 
@user pondering what todo with this 512mb Raspberry Pi sat on my desk! got the other two doing radio tasks! 
We got lost in the eternal city on our 1st night & stumbled upon this treasure #ItalianEngagement  
The Sun is bullshit 99% of the time but they're the ones who said Louis is gonna be a dad and Zayn left and look what happened 
@user \""""Danny Care card. To stand a chance of winning\u002c tell us which football club he was at as a youngster\"""" = Sheffield Wednesday" 
Tomorrow I get my hands on my copy of VLR for PS Vita. Hopefully the postive impression I got from the demo carries over to the full copy. 
@user may you PLEASE release versions of Windows when its stable Windows 10 is no where near stable! 
@user I just read your diagnosis on Pistorius back from July 3. I searched google for """"pistorius psychopath"""" because I see his pic" 
he may not be an idol but he is the reason why I'm into kpop 
Niggas was really fighting at the gas station  Sat night tho 
October 18 is the birthday of Chuck Berry. About the talent in his chart\u002c see Art&Astrology: 
@user They're actually going venue shopping tomorrow! They're checking out Grand Bend and surrounding areas (ie. St. Mary's)! 
I just offered to bring someone Taco Bell for lunch tomorrow & they denied me #WhoDoesThat!? You should always accept Taco Bell! #Always 
The 25th of February\u002c the colonists returned to Granite House\u002c and by means of the double cord\u002c shot by an arrow to the door-landing\u002c commu 
Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will host the Golden Globe Awards: In what may be the smartest thing the Hollywood Fore... 
"UK Home Sec Theresa May, a MoU with Saudi Arabia and why global condemnation of human rights record won't happen  
You may think Venus and Serena are impressive, but are you aware of that one time my sister and I fought over a ham sandwich? 
Oney Thursday and Friday, MetLife for Giants-Jets Saturday. Shaping up to be one hell of a 21st birthday weekend with @user 
the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for President is very very frightening and may bring America to ruin! 
@user @user  Don't suppose you know if the Chelsea game will change times or dates due to Chelsea playing CL on a Tuesday?? 
Just listening to whitney houston, celin dione and mariah carey.... just a perfect sunday,, true talent there ladies and gents 
Dream High 2 sucks compared to the 1st one. 
"For those not at Cedar Point on the 27th, be at #HallowFreakend ;) @ American Legion (31775 Grandriver Ave Farmington Hills 48336) x2" 
@user @user @user No he not Kendrick is the best rapper in mainstream right now Black Friday freestyles ex. 
Why in God's name would CNN have Sarah Palin on tomorrow? There's no one else from Alaska who can talk about Obama's visit? 
@user have you heard Black Friday by Kendrick Lamar &amp; j.Cole ?? 
Chelsea will pursue the signing of Paul Pogba from Juventus until the transfer window closes on Tuesday. (Source: Independent) 
@user Green Bay drafted Rogers at about the same spot and he sat for years.  Obviously a wasted pick. SMH #findarealsportsstory 
#MusicToday Ben Sollee - How To See The Sun Rise (with lyrics) - HD #Blipfm 
Josh Reddick was a big fan of that Taylor Kitsch guy from Battleship when he was on Friday Night Lights and had the hair. 
@user Not if they fight against Muslims for the USA as the FSA does now. They may as well smoke because they'll burn in Hell anyway 
All the basic females #mcm in atlanta is either jacquees drake chris brown august alsina or trey songz 
Red Stars game then Sister Hazel at the Lincoln Park Arts and Music fest. Good Saturday. 
"James: Big Brother, if she (Meg) leaves tomorrow, I'm not going to have anyone to aggravate. #BB17 
EVENT TOMORROW @user Bluegrass Brunch with The Dead String Band, playing the music of the Grateful Dead 
@user @user @user @user I\u2019d watch Cougar Town over this any day! January 8 on TBS. Very funny. #firedooley 
"Sucks i cant go to the Nekromantix show OR the Brian Setzer Orchestra show tomorrow and saturday:( i really want to go:,(" 
@user David Bowie has a new song out about a real star that may be surrounded by an alien structure 
Tomorrow is my last day waking up at 5:30 in the morning to work at Dunkin and I couldn't be happier 
I've said all along and still staunchly maintain that the Paris attacks: Charlie Hebdo and the 13 November 2015 one were both Gladio style 
RT @user I find it ironic that I almost certainly would not be a Yankees fan today if I hadn't gone to college near Boston #rand ... 
#usatoday First-place Mets may get their best hitter back: David Wright went 1-for-3 with ... #sports #sportsnews 
"So unfortunately, it's all really bad timing rn, so I can't go to the Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow, but if anybody wants floor seats...." 
@user are you in the land of my fathers*? (*just the one father. Ignore what you may have read of Liverpudlian sexual mores) 
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. - Julie Andrews at BrainyQuote via @user 
"#AFailedTextFromToday """"You going to Soundset?""""-Name Withheld. """"Uh, Soundset was last Sunday...."""" Ahahahaha" 
"Scoreless 7th inn for Salem and Potomac, we head to the 8th with the Red Sox leading 6-2. RHP Derek Self through 2.1 scoreless inn of relief" 
Fleetwood Mac, braaivleis... Befokte Sunday with @user And them @user beers were just as lekker! 
Karthikeyan in 22nd is already being warned by his HRT engineer that he needs to cool the brakes\u002c with 53 laps still to go. #F1 
Greasy hair and the smell of weed at shotton station\u002c where art though friday. 
@user please Justin follow me ! Hope everyday ! Je t\u2019aime ! Can wait to see u in Paris for the 1st time ! Je t\u2019aime <3 
@user my PS4 died last night. I press the power button once it beeps, nothing happens. 2nd time beeps blue light comes on but nothing" 
I'm gonna listen to I don't mind then allow zayn's departure to sink in for the 700th time since march 25th 
Are you excited #Nirvana fans? Unreleased Kurt Cobain songs to come out in November! via @user 
How did people come up with that Briana has been pregnant for 12 months..? Didn't she get preggies like in May or something? Learn to count. 
@user records Hulk Hogan's time in WCW tomorrow. And yes, the timing is a coincidence. 
YES!! Allowed to go to the @user concert in Oslo in May!! :D now all I need is to get those tickets... 
With all Benson\u2019s attention\u002c Frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild. Lets \u2019founding father\u2019 him so he know we will never forget 2nd place. 
Going to see Paper Towns on Saturday. I'm hoping it does the book justice. 
I am tweeting this video I found as a tribute to George Harrison because today is the 14th anniversary of his death: 
@user Hell it may be their idea to flood Europe with Muslims and then the take over begins world wide towel head dominance 
Real Madrid reportedly rule out signing De Gea in January; making me believe they're getting cold feet about this deal altogether. 
Charles Gets The Grandkids Into Gardening: He may be only two years old but it seems Prince George's grandfath... 
The Nigerian government hasn't been transparent enough in the fight against Boko Haram #Truth 
Joel Obi  may miss out of the Super Eagles team to play Tanzania as reports from Torino say he will undergo more tests on a thigh complaint 
@user Yeah I think so. We saw Suarez score up near us and we played pretty well 2nd half so it wasn\u2019t so bad. Probably should\u2019ve had ET 
Sandy\u002c if you have ruined my chances to see Bruno mars on Monday I will go buck wild. 
Off to Dunkin or J.C.O tomorrow with @user 
Favorite this tweet if you want to be my date to Foo Fighters at Wrigley Field this Saturday 
Heres everybody\u2019s warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow\u002c Idc who you are I\u2019m gonna snap #done #imatmybreakingpoint #canttakethisanymore 
Talking about the Bosco vs. JSerra game this Friday. Around the Horn style w/ @user and @user #WCFF 
@user headed to Baylor homecoming tomorrow with my baber. Should be fun even without RG3! 
This is the usual liberal reflex of blame Republicans for everything. Like Muslims many liberals parrot what told. 
Viola Davis in a black & white Max Mara dress at the  29th Annual Fashion Group International Night Of Stars 
25 yrs ago\u002c Blessed Pope John Paul II visited the Archdiocese of Detroit-- the 1st papal visit to MI in history. 
@user @user -How could anyone (Other than Megyn Kelly) compare Rick Perry with Trump? C'mon. Perry is a joke. 
Back to the HB pass back on 1st drive..if I heard the rumors of Fedora\u2019s plan..you have to think TOB did. Get your D to stay on assignment. 
"But Justin Bieber may be, but her real taste if you call _catching him._ It will always remain-- ""Your promise to hope for" 
LOL Too clever by half! Your daddy was disappointed over Yakub's hanging &amp; he was a dreaded terrorist! Get it?  
 @user The U.S. says the Boko Haram sect in north-east Nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft. 
Big inning for the White Sox. That error by Alexei Ramirez that allowed a run to score in the top of 8th weighing heavily right now. 
Scott Walker pretends that building a wall on the Canadian border to keep out terrorists is a serious idea. 
"Raffensberger didn't have many Saturday workouts, following the example of Ira Dunsworth. ""Kids need time to be kids"". Sletten didn't either" 
@user I\u2019ll be in cypress tonight and tomorrow night! I better see you! 
@user may you be blessed by guns, god and hungry wet holes before Scott Walker builds his border wall and Donald Trump sends you home!" 
Spent Labor Day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire, listening to Bernie Sanders (who I'll write about Sunday)... 
Nicki better release a raunchy vid for trini Dem girls so it can get her 1st grammy 
"RT @user I can't wait to read all the tweets from all of the girls bitching about being single tomorrow! #myfavorite 
Paul Dunne's lowest round of the year in college for @user was 67. He just shot 66 in the 3rd rd of @user &amp; is tied for the lead 
First time I've been called off in a while and couldn't ask for a better day to have off. Plus Jason Aldean is tomorrow! 
@user Yup, saw it on Bill Maher documentary on crazy folk lol Apparently their mock Palm Sunday festival is a big hit. #sarcasm" 
START PLANNING NOW:  Thursday 12/10 DJ Hip Hop Club with Briana + Jazon in Palo Alto Save your spot on the dance... 
Happy Swift Day! lol That's probably the 10th time I said that! Haha have a great day everyone(: 
@user @user I rather watch paint dry or stare at the sun. your show is 100% fake like you Caitlyn Jenner. tsktskshameshame! 
VIDEO: John Cena hits Jon Stewart with an attitude adjustment on Monday Night #RAW 
i've never watched naruto but i love the 16th opening it's my favorite 
Why oh why did I drink three cups of coffee to stay up binge watching Gilmore Girls when I have to be at the gym tomorrow at 10:30 
My Iowa people, who is going to Eric Church on Friday at the Jones County Fair??? 
Happy Thursday! Finishing rehearsals for the act at the People\u2019s Choice Awards. 
Mark Levin Market Crash: It's Not China-It's Barak Obama My belief Obama is working with China to destroy USA 
"Blueberry muffins last night, brownies tonight, Oreo balls Wednesday...I'm done." 
It's our 3rd anniversary! Can you believe that? Many thanks to all who have supported &amp; are continuing to patronize Mitchie's Sweet Petites! 
@user It was a Article saying that Zayn is regretting leaving 1 direction pretty much bashing Zayn like the SUN Always does 
@user come party with us tomorrow night in Naples Maine at Ricks cafe!! 
Im mind blown after watching Magic Mike XXL for the 1st time 
@user I hope someone asks Harper why the team bailed in the 7th inning 
PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with the 
"// So, I thought Ant-Man was out of the question for the cinema Saturday but my boyfriend said the films he's seen are 'awesome' and that -" 
Yakub has gone. whatever happened may be right. I want asked Kiran bedi .that whatever Yakub done.it was wrong  but after Babri masjid -- 
Interested in learning more about LTA? Join us Monday Sept 10 at 8pm in Morris Hall room 130 for (cont) 
@user FRIDAY OCT 19th!!!! THE ALUMNI will be rocking Philly!!!!! FREE SHOW  @ the Liacouras Center 7pm CLASSIC HIP HOP! 
I've a bad feeling Simpson's plot in the 2nd half of the season is #JessicaJones equivalent of 'Thor's vision quest' in Age of Ultron 
Then he texted that their first conference game was Ohio State nov 28...uh Ohio State isnt in the ACC buddy 
@user Tell you at our Friday lunch<3 Sorry for the late reply but yes we can eat somewhere on Marshall tomorrow haha :D 
"The Borno state police commissioner, Aderemi Opadokun, on Monday confirmed fresh attacks by the Boko Haram sect... 
when I go to the Foo Fighters concert in October in Atlanta I'm gonna be so sad if don't get to meet Dave Grohl somehow 
@user I droped my Nokia 5800 from the 5th floor &amp; it didnt even hav a scratch (not exageratin). I wish new phones had that kinda durability 
@user like how are ppl supposed to pay rent? Should i ask the pope on the 26th when he comes? 
Lazy Sunday Ray Allen Is Lamar Odom really going to the D League ?http://t.co/w6juHFgR 
I may never tweet about anything other than Kanye West ever again 
@user Are you off somewhere nice? I'm bored today. Got a list of 395 applications I need to get ready for Windows 7. Tedious 
 Boris Johnson Times. Ed moans abt George going 1st class but David Miliband travelled by Royal Jet. #boris johnson 
"Bubble Tea Yogurmet, you'll love it, come to Miramar and starting next Saturday we will be open at Doral.10712 NW 74th St" 
1,500 people go to Pride Parade on Sat. and it's on the cover of the PD. 35k folks go to @user and PD fails to mention it. #JustSaying 
@user then when they get to it Curtis and Tommy wanna come play !! bruh lmao... I havent seen Jamall yet tomorrow gonna be a show 
A historic milestone... Women in Saudi Arabia vote for the first time in municipal election! #DLC_Law30 
"#YakubVerdict: my 11yr old exclaimed, tomorrow will be the worst birthday for Yakub but his 1st bday was worst for the country! Makes sense" 
@user Enter our competition to win a London Children\u2019s Map Puzzle just follow and RT.Closes Friday 8th@4pm . 
"\""@101greatgoals: 3rd in 2 games!!! Emile Heskey bags the opener for Newcastle Jets v Melbourne Victory ha ha ha !!!" 
I think my yoga teacher hates me cuz on the 1st day I refused to take off my socks and then today he made me do this: 
Based on these Arkham games, Batman may not kill, but he's definitely put a few people in comas. 
"I'm happy to see them both take a stand. Sometimes the ""Oh C'mon!"" cry from other Christians is what's needed to... 
@user Look at SPX daily in early June 2012. It bottomed the day after SPX 200d SMA was sliced. This time, 200d was sliced yesterday." 
Jeremy Corbyn questions David Cameron on the refugee crisis back in February: 
I got really excited for the cosplay cover of Thor tomorrow and then I remembered that Kevin is on issue 2 :/ 
@user Was having trouble yesterday downloading Septembers edition using Google? Loads the 1st page then crashes? 
Leaving Bangkok tomorrow morning. Next stop the middle of the Empty Quarter desert near Saudi Arabia. 
"Tomorrow's Charlie Hebdo:  ""They have weapons. Screw them, we have champagne!""  The spirit of the French is strong. 
A Thursday night with no Waterloo road on! #boring 
@user I liked the 4th sentence about the "LA Galaxy where David Beckham was put out to grass..." 
The Giants will fly out to Kansas City to face the Royals in the World Series starting on Tues. Both teams are white hot at the moment. 
@user Hope you are wrong Sir. And welcome back to Jacksonville tomorrow for your last show here. Sorry I can\u2019t make it. 
"Harper spoke Tuesday on how the Cons will balance their security concerns with more refugees into Canada". Instigating hate #cdnpoli 
@user @user @user Quote of the night- If I were Amarosa I would go to Brooklyn bridge and be drowning myself #funny 
"There's a lot of stupid $h!t out there, but polling Trump v Kanye West may take the cake. All I can think to say is: #$%#$%$#%#$%#$%#$#$#$%" 
George Harrison | Shop the George Harrison Official Store / Black Friday sale ends tonight!  
The Apple Watch may just change the way we travel. How do you think smart watches will aid our trips? 
Amazon Prime fucks me off so much, like you get really into something and then after like the 3rd season you have to pay. FUCK OFF. 
"Cubs Video: Kris Bryant 4-for-4 with 17th HR, Kyle Schwarber also goes deep in 15-8 loss vs. Tigers; Jon Lester 7... 
@user Yep, it should be pretty good. Did you see our interview with Morgen about Crossfire Hurricane? 
West Indies to pull off from the India tour after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala owing to pay dispute with their Board. 
Mehgan James from Bad Girls Club will be in the building Friday @user  To get an express pass go 
If I put in the first Harry Potter movie right now I'll finish the whole series by tomorrow. 
"I saw Paper Towns on Friday, it was good I guess but there was so much changes compares to the book, it bothered me" 
"It wasn't pretty but Kris Bryant throws to Rizzo @ 1st to get Hunter Pence to end the 4th the score remains #Cubs 1, Giants 1" 
Curtis Painter...we have a chance again! Can't believe Kerry Collins didn't throw us a pick-six tonight 
@user @user I have no one to drive me :( I am going to Amy\u2019s tomorrow to do Maths. 
@user dustin johnson is a thursday fri player when the weekend comes and he has to handle the pressure he folds up like a lawnchair 
#Nats Rendon bunts but Werth is erased at 2nd. Runner on 1st with 1 out.  Harper at bat... 
I got to piss like a Russian race horse in the Kentucky Derby with a glue trust stuck ahead of him and he in 4th place 
Still playing with the Spurs on 2k 41 wit Many Ginobili in the 3rd 
Todays #ullukapatha is Rahul Gandhi . You may ask WHY ? Nothing . Just that he is a filler on days we have no Ullukapathas . Happy Diwali 
Who cares what an asshole like snoop dog who barely speaking englisg said about Tom Brady #bradywins will take care business thursday 
@user @user Curtis it's a Saturday, there is no school.." 
@user   5. I initially grew interest in Dark Souls because I found out Golden Sun shared the same composer. :V 
Justin on the 17th place? Where are the believers at? #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga 
Selling a ticket for Twilight Sad at the Barrowlands this Saturday (Face value) 
8 yrs since Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows came out and Prince George's 2nd Birthday is today #HarryPotter #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge 
WTF! Liu Bei's 2nd wife died! Why the hell Cao Cao so brutal ! 
@user this is absolutely ridiculous. Wasn't it just ""national ice cream day"" on Sunday? Who makes up these days? This isn't official. This is" 
Looking forward to preaching at Plant City\u2019s First Baptist Sunday @ 6:30pm. New City Church will be baptizing 2 into the Kingdom. Praise God 
@user   Suge is right, that movie is exaggerated. It's almost like Ice Cube wrote the screenplay, just like he wrote Friday by himself." 
 Here\u2019s what Dixie is saying about Stansbury. Be sure to check out Mark Watson\u2019s preview tomorrow 
me: * listens to drive-in saturday six times in a row with little to no regret *   i am so alive rn bless david bowie 
"Only saviour is it was ""against all odds"" Now it's Katy Perry ... Monday morning getting worse" 
@user I'm taking my uncle to LAX tomorrow and can't decide if I want to go there or Dunkin Donuts after I trip him off lol. 
Excited for the Federer vs. Djokovic final in Cincinnati tomorrow afternoon. Should be some great tennis! 
Dean Ambrose Want the UGLY (#WyattFamily)one on Friday Night #SmackDown.BUT I confused which one the UGLY ONE..I mean the all are UGLY ! 
@user You do realize that the 1st Amendment doesn't just apply to Christians, right?" 
Thanks to Amazon Prime I have a new phone case coming tomorrow. I don't want to do what my momma did and drop it and smash the screen. 
De Rossi believes Juventus may struggle to cope this season as he does not think they have adequately replaced Tevez, Pirlo or Vidal 
Joel campbell is leading this team to milan in may and there is nothing you can do about it 
Very interesting video clip about the Blood Moon Tetrad worth the time to watch: 
PSA: These photos from the Charlie Hebdo attacks back in January. This is NOT what Paris looks like right now. 
"LAW Aug. 2 Update - Piper Tribute on The LAW tonight, G-1 results, UFC 190 rundown with Rousey win, insanity at WSOF 
"Tum Kya Samajhty Ho Choro Gay To Mar Jayen Gay hum,  .H!NA  1 Bat Kahun Tum Se Jee to wo b rahy he jin ko chora ta tere liye.  Sweet prince." 
"My great grandpa was gonna march with Dr. King but he said \""nah man\u002c why march when I can finger these white bitches instead?\""" 
Kanye West to do list: -become a legendary rapper/icon -run for president -take over the world -resurrect on the 3rd day 
I think Ice Cube may be the greatest rapper ever... 
The only bad thing about Barack Obama having a 2nd term as President is that its always a flop 2nd time round historically 
ah the tables are now turned &amp; it is *Jon Stewart* who will be the one getting destroyed in every news headline tomorrow thanks to John Cena 
if you LOVE to dance I hope to see you supporting this event. SATURDAY. all INFO on the flyer! 
"Kendrick's ""u"" and The Social Experiment's ""Sunday Candy"" are two songs that make my allergies act up when I hear them." 
KONY2012 filmmaker Jason Russell explains breakdown: I literally thought I was responsible for the future of humanity  
"September 22 1960, Born on this day, Joan Jett, The Runaways, (1982 No.1 single with the Blackhearts, 'I Love Rock 'n' Roll')." 
@user Photo was from Jan-15 after Charlie Hebdo attack. You may want to delete that tweet.... 
"Sought After: A Small, Desirable Flat in the Centre of Milan:    A tiny, 50-square-metre apartment on the 4th ... 
@user lol. Yeah I kinda think I do...I heard you were in Milan, Italy ne? How is it? October is perfect!" 
swear twilight was badass vampire/werewolf shit but this 4th one is just bella &amp; edward shaggin wtf happened did the budget run out or what 
The issues in Loving vs Virginia are similar to the issues argued in the Gay Marriage case relative to the 14th Amendment. 
Shawn will be at the VMAs tomorrow and I'll be at the red carpet so ill be updating myself 
Frank ocean must be going through some shit 
Special Labor Day COOL OUT goes down TOMORROW NIGHT @ the Gin Mill 10-2 
"Best of luck to @user tonight, who have a big league game against Everton at Borehamwood. 7pm k.o." 
its Thursday and the warmness continues to be a pain like kanye west 
Seattle lost last night which brought Tuesday to a close at 2-4 at -$50. The Rockies ML was make or break even and Kris Bryant answered. 
@user Sat my daughter down and we watched 12 Monkeys. Changed her mind about what a really good movie is (NOT Twilight) 
Correction @user Marching Band is cancelled tomorrow\u002c why in the world wld we think they had common sense to cancel school so early duh! 
.@IAA_Bahrain Look at all the media coverage of #Bahrain regime's arrest of Nabeel Rajab 1 Oct 2014   
Just finished watching the 1st season of Breaking Pointe (new tv doc about Ballet West) and was pleasantly surprised. What did you think? 
Miley was a child actor.I'm sure most of the net worth is from the Hannah Montana days.C'mon now. Don't play Nicki.  
"Today in Beatles History (April 18, 1963):  Paul McCartney meets his future girlfriend Jane Asher for the first time." 
Just set up the Galaxy Note 5. Let's see how it does tomorrow. (Battery Life, Speed, Camera) 
My phone may as well be a Nokia it none of my apps are working 
#Forbes The NYSE\u002c NASDAQ and the other US stock markets all made a wise decision to take rain days on Monday and... 
"I just liked this song ""And The Sun Will Shine"" by Bee Gees 
"RT @user Feel bad for star crossed LionsRT @user So far, WR Titus Young is the only one of the Lions top three picks  ..." 
Arsenal v SUNDERLAND: New signing Louis Saha set to lead the line in absence of Stephane Sessegnon: Sun... #Arsenal 
this one will be the best yet! #MTVStars The Vamps 
@user did you explain to him how Qatar, your backers, &amp; Saudi Arabia were responsible for its destruction? 
"2015 #TheOpen : Paul Dunne ( A )   co-leader with -12 , Hile 17 in R3 on July 19  at The Old Course in St Andrews, Scotland,Play in progress" 
See everyone at the Gin Mill on Saturday! Looking forward to another great Irish celebration! Bring your high 5's! 
But it's nothing that 257 families lost their family members because of Yakub.  
who would want to go to Ed Sheeran (September 18th) with Kylie and i??? 
Every time the sun shines I'm happy when it rains I just wanna cuddle with you to be warm ...wanna Netflix and chill 
Sorry I can't make it in to work tomorrow got caught in a SHARKNADO 
sat my sister down and we watched batman vs robin half the movie was her sobbing the other half was her staring in horror and shock 
"Excited for the MAC Championship tomorrow. I feel like I'm playing in the game. EU, lets get it done." 
Still in search of the really Dayna Santullo. She's been missing since she willingly passed on a Chris Brown concert on Saturday 
4/13 His case will be heard in the third lower criminal court on 19 October 2014. The continued detention of Nabeel Rajab comes as a 
So excited to see what #Apple announces! My wish - a huge iPad that I can draw on with a stylus @user #tech 
"Four were killed,19 injured when a IRA bomb demolished the Balmoral Furniture Building on Shankill Rd on 11 Dec 1971 
Stopped by n smoked a chop wit moms on my day off. Told her everything's gucci gave her a 8th told her its for all the stress I caused lol 
Superfast Internet starts on the 27th which means I can actually stream #ffxiv and not have it look like it's recorded on an old Nokia 
"All Nicki said was ""what's good"" like c'mon now we get it she a bad bitch ok" 
"If John Cena is really behind the WWE keeping the belt on Nikki, I may not be in love with him anymore." 
I want IHOP tomorrow morning 
"Celebrity Big Brother starts tomorrow. I won't be watching, what a load of shit, the majority of them won't even be celebs. #shit #TV" 
@user how about you &amp; I go see Janet Jackson in Dallas for her Unbreakable tour Jan. 24? 
@user @user Don't feel obliged to discuss #Dexter tonight. Living it large in Brighton so please use direct messages.... 
1st free.edom taken away.  cant buy your size of soft drinks.  2nd.Religious freedom for Catholics. next? Obama...coming for you 
"I just need to know if the term ""Sharknado"" will be mentioned in an AFD tomorrow. This is important." 
When you're leaving Saturday but your cousin offers you an extra Foo Fighters ticket... 
"just saw a report where forecasters are showing snow for @user neck of the woods on Wed. Oh boy!!! 
"\""""Those costumes are for Purim. And Purim\u2019s in March!\"""" @user Schmidt nails the Jewish quotes every time." 
Great MBB Game - felt good to be back at the Vadalabene Center - great staff/promotions too! WBB tomorrow - can\u2019t wait!! #siuenation 
"For the 3rd year in a row,I total spaced and missed International Talk Like a Pirate Day...Argh" 
"US Open: Anderson ends Murray's hope, Federer, Wawrinka rolls on: New York, Sept 8 : Kevin Anderson, the world... 
When Apple brings games to AppleTV tomorrow, it will matter because unlike OUYA, Amazon. Razer, etc, Apple has 10's of millions of AppleTVs 
@user I do believe Trayvon may be innocent or may not\u002c but I don\u2019t like it when people gin up mobs & hate even if they don\u2019t mean to. 
"Zack, Type 1 for too long, Wishing it was Friday so I can listen to Iron Maiden's new album. #dcde" 
"Just finished my 2nd Moments of Triumph on PS4, first being on Xbox One. Does that make me like... a super guardian? 
Totally forgot about TVD bc I was too busy studying for my fucking test tomorrow 
We have released a 5* NFL + 3* CFB pick for tonight grab our Weekend subscribtion for $49.99 for picks from Thu-Mon 
@user Saw him in indy with Eric Church, Brantley &amp; others. 1st act started @user and kenny started around 9. 
You are the equivalent to block game Donald trump 
"Carly Fiorina: 'Game On': Carly Fiorina explained on Fox News Sunday this morning that the presidential ""race ... 
"wooohoooo channel 4 is playing the film Four Lions on sunday at 9pm, everyone should watch such a funny film!" 
"I guess with DJ it's a Sunday thing and not a final round thing, and Paul Dunne? Are you kidding me? #OpenChampionship" 
"Niall e Camila . They are just frinds guys c'mon she is a ""fan"" l mean she is like us so stop it" 
Jason Wu & Rebecca Minkoff on friday\u002c  Lela Rose\u002c Tracey Reese\u002c Zac Posen & Derek Lam on sunday some if the shows i\u2019m excited too see #NYFW 
@user Did you watch the 1st episode of American Horror Story yet so you can understand why I refuse to watch the rest of it ?!?!? 
@user @user Haha we're off round Claytons now then the Rising Sun later! 
I may not be a huge U2 fan but Bono's mullet in the 80s was superb! 
@user ruined Sun night baseball again by replacing Hall of Fame pitcher with a woman because he spoke truth about Muslims. #curtschilling 
Zayn's departure marked the beginning of the end... #RIP #youwillbemissed #1D 
If Apple is upgrading the camera on the iPhone 6s models, I seriously may upgrade...&amp; my phone isn't even 1yr old yet! #photographyproblems. 
"Seth Rollins sucks, think he should be reprimanded for what he did last Monday night!" 
"Tom Brady answered some more questions Sunday, and this time he talked about Roger Goodell. 
Be sure to watch Miss USA tomorrow night at 8pm ET on the Reelz Channel! I can not wait to see which beautiful... 
I'm going to fight Justin tomorrow during lunch idc idc dc 
"It's $125 for the Seth Rollins meet and greet on Friday. Seth, I love you and all and your my favorite wrestler but HELL NO" 
I just saw a glance at the new Galaxy Note 5. Looks interesting. That may be my next phone. 
"Kanye West for president? Don't laugh, he may be the only one with a low info voter fan base who is narcissist enough to succeed The Donald" 
Time for a new poll. What will you do next Friday night when the Royals are playing game No. 3 of the World series? 
Got tomorrow off, not going to digi tonight would be rude 
MT @user My 1st read of the day from @user Congress returns to tight deadlines, key farts on Iran deal, Planned Parenthood 
"Tokyo , Seoul , London , New York Kimama Ni Sekai wo drive tonight Kakuchi de hirou suru new style :)" 
@user [He smiled] It depends what type of books you like to read. I like James Pattinson. They may not have those here.. 
@user ur terrorist is going to be hanged tomorrow Yakub. stop sending terrorist u failed nation!! 
We have had a few Leeds United tickets returned which are available on a 1st come 1st served basis to supporters on the database #RUFC 
"Have to admit, I very much liked the banner Man U fans had at SB yesterday 'Chelsea standing up to racism since last sunday' haha" 
@user no. You misread. I'm not just talking about BNP. I'm talking about the dog whistle racism in popular press. Open the sun or mail. 
\u2019on a sunny Sunday afternoon\u002c it could be quite magical.\u2019 - Designer reveals plans for Olympic Park via @user 
Trey Anastasio is a fantastic guitar player, fuckin' blessed to have seen him for 2 nights with the Grateful Dead in SF in June man 
@user tomorrow? I don\u2019t think so babe\u002c sorry... only confirmed sunday with Pats... 
"If I do end up going to the concert tomorrow, I'm gonna scream ""cheater"" when Jason Aldean walks on stage." 
Waking up at the butt crack of dawn to surprise your bff for her 18th birthday and having a party at IHOP is a good way to start offt he day 
"Hey, can you set up Apple TV so I can watch Harry Potter while I get fucked up?" --ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce you to my roomies! 
@user will make Floyd Mayweather her bitch. i'll give her 35 seconds 1st round ;) 
March Against Monsanto founder, Tami Canal, discusses #FoodJustice with Anthony Gucciardi. 
Okay so change of plans startin the Sydney dalton diet tomorrow because we couldnt get to the store yesterday 
Thought i would try the black glasses look....i may need the Malcolm X joints tho\u2019 
On November 18th 1998, Nintendo released the Game Boy Color. The first handheld allowed to be owned by POC. #BullshitHistory 
Wheww I leave Ohio June 3rd I don't even want to think about leaving 
RAID 1 (mirror) of Shawn and Rob. Was this planned or coincidence?!?  Is it Varsity Red Wednesday at ITinspired... 
@user "We are the 1st generation 2 feel the impact of climate change &amp; the last that can do something about it" Obama 
Lost some respect for Nicki after that. You may be a queen in the rap world but when u start shit at an award show u look like garbage #VMAs 
Brb while I delete 75% of my camera roll off my phone to make room for Sam Smith tomorrow. 
Friday night footy with the mozzie's. So much fun!! 
@user heyy do you mind If we go somewhere els tomorrow like Bolton or somewhere your gona think this is so pathetic but I\u2019m actually 
You may follow dynamic Israel on Israel Tomorrow.Blog My blog will open your eyes to the truth about this country. . 
"You know how in Perks of Being a Wallflower, David Bowie's Heroes made them feel infinite? Tuesday was the soundtrack to my infinity." 
Feel sorry for anyone going to the Justin Beiber concert tomorrow\u002c they\u2019re missing out on one of the best games of the night 
Tomorrow morning on Good Morning America... Hulk Hogan ...I cannot say enough about this guy and what he has done for so many. 
"In addition to Bad Blood, my brain is also shuffling the Wonder Woman theme and California Gurls. Still better than November Rain." 
@user @user Hehe...yeah. I mean it wasn't really really bad, but it got no real attention. As far as Kpop goes, people may" 
Wantin to go out tonite....but no one to go out with so i guess i'll be on netflix  tonite 
@user 25-21 Warriors at the end of the 1st. Bogut looking good in the opening 6 Points in 6 minutes 3 Rebs. Steph looks a little nervous 
I might just die if I hear one more person say that Halloween is the Devil\u2019s birthday. That\u2019s crazy!!!! I was born on May 19th. 
"#Job #Baltimore 2nd Shift Operations Leader - Baltimore PDC at Toyota (Baltimore, MD): Toyota (NYSE:TM), the w... 
Ask me about the Food expo- Abj food festival at the eagle square abuja 7th- 9th dec '12. Rock bottom prices on food for the festive season! 
Jealous of everyone going to Jason Aldean tomorrow night 
Very quiet story-wise this morning. My only emails have been about my Yammer activity & an alert about PJ Harvey tickets going on sale. 
@user  One Alanis Morissette  Sun is Shining Bob Marley Wake the Town URoy Reckoner Radiohead  Vibrate Outcast 
Day 2 stuck in the Taipei airport. Possibly going to LA to wait out the storm. Didn't think I'd make it to Cali for the 1st time this way 
Soo apparently I've been dared by @user to not talk about the boys or Zayn for a whole day tomorrow I can't even rt them or anyth 
So excited! Will have to buy a PS4 just for this game 
Janice Dean sums up bitter Donald Trump's shot at Carly Fiorina with simple snark-tastic hashtag 
@user @user The way they are chessing Donald Trump you would have thought that to race was tomorrow. 
@user woody are you going to do another mail monday with FPS Russia cause the last one was hilarious that was by far my fav#GENIUS 
"Lol dana white ain't happy /w the ways things are going, tomorrow he'll be furious. #mma #ufc194 
"He's a very fast starter in the first round in Majors, but will Dustin Johnson strike it third time lucky come Sunday? #Majors #golfchat" 
Kids enjoying last moments of freedom before school tomorrow. Bentley is taking advantage of the blanket fort.. 
MetroPCS First to Market with 4G Rich Communication Services: MetroPCS may not be the largest wireless carrier -... 
Didn't know tomorrow July 30 is also birthday of #Yakubtohang. Thinking tonight of what is going through Yakub's mind &amp; if he is remorseful 
"i got lots of tweets asking for shoutouts to Niall, if i think about it i will give shoutouts to Niall when i get back from work TOMORROW!!" 
@user Curtis died 26 Dec 1999. What is it with Christmas and my musical heroes?! 
I want a 16th birthday like My Super Psycho Sweet 16 with extra pyscho. 
Half Way to St Patrick's Day is on tomorrow PJ Gallagher's Irish Pub Drummoyne! Don't miss out on seeing the Irish... 
dear German citizens any concerns or criticisms you may have over my actions mean you are xenophobic and racist. i win love Angela Merkel 
Me right now with Tao (because he used to be my 2nd bias): Bad Blood 
@user @user So honestly, even if the PC version is great, it sounds like PS4 is terrific as well. May just come to preference." 
Im so tired that Zulu is the 1st word that pops in my mind 
Tom Brady was our #7 QB before the news of his suspension being lifted.. We now have him up in front of C. Newton.   Proj: 5th rd pick 
I wish I was 1/50th as enamored with Beyonce as you all are..... Just 1/20th even 
Why is my TL so dead um is it Kpop is dead Friday or something??? 
#hcafc loan keeper Ben Amos named in the England under-21s side to face Azerbaijan next Thursday and Norway on Sept 10. 
i may or may not be driving an hour and a half just to see the WWAT film but i know it will be 100% worth it 
Reason why Ant-Man may have 'struggled' vs. other Marvel? My parents assumed it was a parody. 
Selling 2 tickets to madonna's sept 10 show. Let me know if you're interested 
Here's the AM message form PFBC this Sunday for those away for Labor Day..."Web of Lies" in Acts 5:6-11 via @user 
Monday Night Raw is on on Monday nights from 7pm-10pm. The 3rd season of Teen Mom 2 is on a new night. Mondays. At 9pm. Oh the dilemma...... 
@user always refers about 3rd person 2 call Rahul Gandhi. Rahul ko Kaise bulayegi janta #ShakurBasti , Amethi ppl still trying 2 call" 
"Ant-man tops North American box office: Marvel action flick ""Ant-Man"" stayed atop the US box office Sunday, ... 
just bought my 1st Heineken beer in Las Vegas.  ps I\u2019ve lived here for 5 yrs ~what took me so long! 
May I be the first to remind you: Daylight Saving Time ends this weekend. Set clocks back at 2AM Sunday 
Will this really be it for Mayweather?: LAS VEGAS: Floyd Mayweather says he will call it quits after Saturday'... 
What will see tomorrow?? Mad face?? Bitter face?? Screw you people.. We've paid to see his happy smile!! 
@user want me to bring u Dunkin tomorrow 
@user @user Yahweh willing, may all the Jews of the world reunite in Israel and find their stay. Jewry migration today." 
Nebraska doesn't land Gesell...a Top 100 guy in your state and you don't get him.  C'mon #Nebrasketball 
@user NEW CANDIDS: Jennifer Lawrence out &amp; out, with her friend Laura. (1st Oct). 
I can't believe I saw Ed Sheeran front fucking row at fucking red rocks and then the 2nd night I snuck in and saw him 5th row 
I think I may have spent too much on Carmelo Anthony. I only hope that his thick-framed black glasses will console me in the post-season. 
"Frank Gifford may have been a very nice man! But, he cheated on Kathy Lee with a woman who videotaped the incident!" 
Tomorrow is definitely gonna be a calm\u002c casimir pulaski day #greatkickoff #goodnight 
olympics: David Owen: Why British Olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ... - (bl... 
But I smoked so it all Gucci ain't doing nun tomorrow doe 
Life is all about laying in bed naked, watching the Grateful Dead at Winterland '78 until the sun comes up 
"Seriously though, somebody posted Amy Schumer as their woman crush Wednesday on Instagram &amp; I almost went off, but it's not worth it" 
Huawei Watch Pre-Order Suggests Android Wear Coming To iOS: IPhone owners who want to use Android Wear may soo... 
"August 17th RT @user Can't wait to see the Inbetweeners movie, Will has to be my favourite! When's it out ?" 
What's stopping Jay-Z, Puffy, 50 Cent, Lil Wayne from doing the same if they haven't already? @user  
@user may be they dont wanna hurt the fans with zayn's pic with the boys! 
noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive. 
@user @user @user that I may have an idea , you have written all Christians and God totally off not willingTOthink" 
Line up at #yyt to check in longer than a #tims lineup on a Monday Morning after the Super Bowl Sunday! 
but rest assures I am watching Degrassi\u002c and loving it may i add. (; 
New violence erupted in the West Bank Thursday with four Palestinian attackers shot dead by Israeli forces as Israel recoiled over a video 
"LMAO RT @user Went looting in Spurs last night, broke into the White Hart Lane cabinet so left with a pile of dust and a Bale DVD" 
If you don't think I'm the type of person to see Magic Mike XXL alone, on a Monday night, and get a glass of wine in a solo cup, then... 
@user this was on PS4 so it may be different on xbone. I can't even play lol 
Man c'mon Nintendo we could get a Mega Man helmet in Splatoon with the amiibo just DO IT 
"Dont miss author Jonathan Kozol will be at @user Wed. at 7:00PM discussing his new book """"Fire in the Ashes""""! 
"Kapan sih lo ngebuktiin,jan ngomong doang Susah Susah.usaha Aja blm udh nyerah,inget.if you never try you'll never know.cowok kok gentle bgt" 
I had my eyes closed already to go to sleep. but I always check a notif to see if it's Zayn and well 
the 2nd and 4th are nicki's best vma looks. 
Invisible Children is at my school tomorrow to talk about Joseph Kony. You kind of lost your credibility when your leader ran around naked. 
Ebola nurse may have been sick before taking the plane 
@user in case you're curious, Andy Lee outscored all the nonQBs in my fantasy matchup. 2nd place: Moorman. 3rd: Larry Fitzgerald." 
@user @user agree. We need every country that is pissed off with Muslims to march against Islam at same time, same day" 
Bentley be trynna move around like he's not 6th months. 
"Block party is on got the kids dancing its a good Friday yo..as Ice Cube wud say ""today was was a good day""..." 
My body is exhausted. I walked from 79th and Jeffery to the lakefront\u002c where i accidentally sat on dead fish\u002c to 55th and King Dr. and back. 
"March the entire Rose Parade in wooden shoes? The MOC-Floyd Valley \""Pride of the Dutchmen\"" High School (Orange... 
@user I've realized you may have as much of a crush on Taylor kitsch as I do! We both enjoyed FNL, John carter, battleship..." 
FOX NEWS screwed Rick Perry. NBC/WSJ poll left out by FOX so John Kasich would get the 10th spot in the debate. FOX NEWS? NO! FOX CROOKS! 
Storylines (other than Tom Brady's return) you should watch for in @user vs @user on Thursday night: 
My 1st tweet\u002c chose you @user saw u in Banff\u002c thankful our snow isn\u2019t as damaging as the weather you\u2019re dealing with!  Keep safe & dry 
"Who was the idiot pundit on BBC Scotland on Saturday who ""couldn't see past Dustin Johnson"" for The Open and why are they paying him?" 
Amazon Prime Day really was better than Black Friday; I could look at all the crap I didn't want from the comfort of my own home. 
I probs say this every Tuesday but Paper Towns is the best film I've actually seen and it just makes me love life 
"Galaxy S II can be wiped by just clicking a link, other devices may be vulnerable #Galaxy #Samsung #HTML #Vulnerability" 
@user let's say someone believes in Islam they may have different Divinely commanded laws that are at odds with yours. 
Tomorrow I will either stream, more Max: The Curse of Brotherhood, Minecraft, Trials Fusion, or Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, you tell me. 
"Hey, the 2nd worst baseball movie is on Reelz right now. #StomachBleeding" 
Today I spent all of the money at H&M & TopShop. Thought I might faint in Zara so that has been postponed until tomorrow. Also: sun! 
@user perfect ! Wednesday I'm done at 1150 . I'll be waiting . Can we go to IHOP one day ? 
I'm thinking it's either some solo shit or that Kendrick collab  
Gucci trousers other self confidentness november snowball the duet yours different rapport reduction until nay... 
@user MaxPreps photographer Jace Kessler will be on the sidelines tomorrow nite covering your Var Football game vs Ventura! 
Giants 3rd-round pick failed drug test at NFL Combine: Jayron Holsey knew it would hurt him bec... #newyork #sports 
"Hollywood actress Sharon Stone, 55, chaired an AIDS Research Fund Raiser despite being hospitalised with a migraine on Friday." 
@user Heh, that's my line. I'll post some @user here tonight to protect it, then tomorrow we'll let Twilight inspect it." 
Not going to be able to watch TVD live!!!!! I have two fucking tests tomorrow and a lit homework. FML 
Chargers may go 8-8 but that will make playoffs in AFC... NFC teams must win 10 games! Fact! @user @user @user @user 
Really though, who wants to come with me to the Madonna concert on the 24th? I have an extra ticket 
"Judging by the traffic and complaining, I think I might be best setting for Foo Fighters' Milton Keynes gig tomorrow right now" 
@user if you get ungrounded tomorrow go to Lauren\u2019s birthday kickback 
can I just wake up tomorrow and find Justin Bieber under my tree 
"When I'm soaring on Sunday afternoon, I learn Frank Gifford--one of my faves on the field and inside the broadcast booth--has died." 
Everton boss Roberto Martinez is struggling with injuries at left-back and may hand a debut to Ramiro Funes Mori against Chelsea. 
"CBB final, Celebrity Juice, Hollyoaks and Hollyoaks Later tonight, woo!" 
Sat here dunking choc biscuits in my tea reading the daily mail.. And tells me about Justin bieber new find ( Xenia deli ) fuck off!! #jan1 
"New issue of Forbes (Aug 26) has my essay on a personal encounter with Gandhi & apartheid in S Africa. Not yet online, but take a look." 
Paper Towns comes out tomorrow and I'm going to see I after work and omg I'm so happy I could literally pee myself with excitement 
@user I hate those movies and Devil Inside\u002c and I think it\u2019s called 4th kind. All those documentary type. 
"Jacob I'm going to see Sam Smith tomorrow, wanna come with?" 
"Finally starting the 5th season of #Dexter.  See ya later, weekend!" 
@user @user Bet you haven't donated much to Rick Perry, if at all. He's a loser &amp; someone has to be the 1st to go out. 
Caitlyn Jenner and her son Brody had some kind words to say about one another as The Hills star celebrated his 32nd birthday on Friday. 
@user forget the yankees.. Brock Lesnar in the ring on Monday night RAW! 6 days to summer slam! 
People are researching the Wolf crash to try and make SC racing safer. If anyone found his GoPro contact Me or Brian Sperry. It may help. 
"I think it was the 15th anniversary of Raw, I was walking down the hallway, and Hulk Hogan was walking... 
Doctor Who is like the 2nd series - next to Naruto - to hit me in the feels so hard. Omg. 
I don't have the money for this NINTENDO STOP IT 
Might just watch the 3rd season of American Horror Story tonight 
@user yes.  Bill\u002c love your show\u002c watch it Mon-Fri.  But I must say I only watch Fox\u002c can\u2019t stand Msnbc ! 
"when Briana was pissed at you and you just kept looking at me like ""wtf help me out""  
@user Cause I can't be the 1st or 4th? The 8th is after Naruto and that's going to be me when he dies 
Good to see @user new book available in hard copy.  Amazon Prime bringing it tomorrow. 
@user Please refrain from interupting Dan's rants on Dana White with a stupid ass Sunday Countdown commercial...     k? thanks! 
Saltalamacchia the 4th Red Sox catcher ever to pop 20 in a season (Carlton Fisk\u002c Mike Stanley\u002c Jason Varitek) 
the most important thing madonna has ever said is " don't go for 2nd best " 
"\""@Bobbieliciouss: Don\u2019t think i\u2019m going to school tomorrow.\"" School\u2019s gonna crack tomorrow" 
@user @user What are two doing for the Steelers game tomorrow? 
"Sept 11th, Sunday Night Football, Cowboys vs. Jets... OH BOY OH BOY, I can't wait to see the Cowboys ruin the jets opening day!" 
@user I haven't been able to watch TVD live these days due to Football. Every Thurs there is high school FB going on at 8pm. Like WTF! 
Isn't it weird that Selena Gomez concert is Jun 21 and Justin bieber's concert is Jun 27??? 6 days apart... really... 
Its okay if its almost 5am and ive had no sleep in like three days cos im on the 4th season of Game of Thrones so who's the real winner here 
The sad part about this is tomorrow Nicki will be the angry black woman who went after poor white girl Miley 
@user @user @user @user @user ok thank you Curtis, mum is away Saturday but Ella &amp; Owen are here all wk end" 
Wel looks like I'm going to the after party tomorrow with fetty wap Chris brown tyga etc thanks to my cuz 
F*** the hurricane party this Tues santospartyhaus w/ @user @user @user @ Santos Party House 
Want to be a part of the Audience?  Register to attend:  IBM San Francisco SmartCamp (September 10) or the IBM... 
Congrats to Aiden Wagner who scored his 1st BCHL goal in his 1st preseason game vs. Prince George. He was named the game's 3rd star. 
@user so the thing next Thursday isn't free, you'd have to pay $15 to get in since you don't go to UMBC :/ and it ends at 11:30" 
@user @user may b there is some confusion about Muslims in ur mind set 
Nov 16!! Me + you + movie theater = Breaking Dawn part 2. Just saw a preview! Can\u2019t wait (: 
Omg this show is so predictable even for the 3rd ep. Rui En\u2019s ex boyfriend was framed for murder probably\u002c by the rich guy. 
John Kasich may want to change his King for a Day statement after reviewing this :) 
The Cab is playing on XM and I may or may not have just started flailing. 
When girls become bandwagon fans of the Packers because of Harry.   Do y'all even know who Aaron Rodgers is?  Or what a 1st down is? 
The FA will be bringing a new interactive Road Show to Arsenal Ladies ahead of the game against Everton on Thursday 
Just caught the last few minutes of @user track Endymion on @user Great track to get ready for work with. Its my FRIDAY!! 
"Just think some misguided girl is in the VIP tonight suckin dick & will wake up to 87,000 hits on WorldstarHipHop tomorrow  #BETHipHopAwards" 
Howard Webb will officiate the West Ham vs Manchester City game tomorrow.  <BJ> 
@user ohh I think on Saturday! it's Alli Simpson and Madison Pettis <-- girl from live with boys omg I wanna go tooooo! :$ 
If I don\u2019t feel A1 tomorrow I\u2019m not going to school rs! 
"\""""milkily handsome in the manner of a cinematically doomed first world war infantryman\"""": @user on Michael Clarke 
If you're coming to Snoop Dogg this Saturday, please screenshot your receipt. If it's purchased today, YOU GET... 
"Last night for @user Lloyd Robertson. A sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. #legendary" 
"i should get all my sh*t done tonight so i can go to the like, gay club tomorrow and try to find FRIENDS but... but..." 
Great story about Sam Smith on CBS Sunday Morning...Sam talked about how his success came when he exposed his... 
Fabio Capello (Russia\u2019s head-coach) wishes Cristiano\u2019s injury was more serious. (Russia will play against Portugal tomorrow in the WCQ) 
"Tapatio Lemon Chips, Thanksgiving Leftovers and Pimento Cheese ...: If it's Friday and this post is going up, it... 
"Nigeria's military said Monday it had ""besieged"" Boko Haram positions in the Islamist militant group's... 
How to know a shit bar!.. You get your arm stamped! If u wake up tomorrow with prints on your arm your a TWAT! 
"Frank Gifford now being serenaded with ""Turn Out The Lights"" by Don Meredith. #RIP 
"As she receives her 9th #GoldenGlobes nomination, read what Cate Blanchett told us about still getting starstruck: 
I've already DESTROYED your revision of what Tony Blair said &amp; provided a link. Tell me more about your expertise 
There may be lovers who hold out their hands but He'll never love you like I can can can #MTVHottest Sam Smith 
The Tigers may be calling up Matt Boyd: He's pitcher number two they received in the David Price deal.  
Protest against the Mitch Daniels Purdue Presidential nomination tomorrow @ Loeb Theater 2:30 pm. Bring a friend! #SOAPurdue 
@user Rolling Stone : @user  The clown car gets more crowded: Meet Jim Gilmore, the 17th Re... 
It\u2019s Josh Bradley\u2019s birthday tomorrow. So what time is the party? LOL 
Watching Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance. It\u2019s much worse when you may have thought. #fb 
In one weeks time I managed to binge watch the entire 4th season of Gilmore Girls and write my Stress management plan/paper #Multitasker 
'David Price' appeared on Tuesday 4 at the 6th place in the Top20 of Ottawa's Trends: #trndnl 
SimCity delayed it\u2019s availability 
@user the 5th had Sakura get Naruto, but he can't leave till he learns his new jutsu!" 
Wish today was Thursday! Tom Brady and @user take the field for the real deal tomorrow and I'm toooo excited! #BeerWingsFootball 
Sorry, Harper, but for once just take the blame. Nats' blew the game.  
@user KL Live is REALLY COMPACT. My friend went for Beast's 1st showcase and it is REALLY squashy. Just a heads up. 
goodnight guys! going to big bang concert tomorrow omfg or i hope my parents dont bail last second 
"Mihajlovic had dinner with Berlusconi on Friday, Silvio told Mihajlovic that he's not happy with the way Milan started the season [Gazzetta]" 
My sister has 2 tickets to see Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean for tomorrow's concert. Asking $150 cause she can't go. Dm me if interested 
@user Easy to have a couple extra wins when BYU has played the 31st ranked schedule compared to Utah, who's played the 3rd. #Sagarin" 
Going to sunderland vs villa on saturday.. Dont hold the highest hopes for a good match 
@user only ones I can think of as a possibility are Ed Sheeran or Sam Smith. Ed's your ends on the 9th and Sam's the 12th.. 
We get a 2nd Christmas in February with Kendrick and Coles collab album 
"yes, defeat Saudi Arabia defeat ISIS hence the key. #SaudiArabiaIsISIS 
Beyonce: has an album called 4 got married on the 4th Jay-Z's b'day's on the 4th got a 4 tattoo  WHY DO PEOPLE THINK SHE WAS BORN ON THE 3RD 
@user fantastic. Best book my taxi from there to Lechlade now haha! Going to be a great week! You about after work next tuesday? 
"Lol, get a grip #royals fans. I can forgive the HRs, but he biffed that pitch to Thor and then fell apart in the 4th 
"#beauty #makeup TV Ratings Thursday: 'Big Brother' Up, 'Beauty and the Beast' Down, 'Under The ... - TVbytheNumber... 
Well i wish they were here as this is my 18th year and the first in as many that i wont see them here. See you at Winter Jam...:-) 
Of many single issue reasons to reject Harper. This is one. Imagine the cost of removing all that concrete. #elxn42  
Himawari not even old enough for the academy took out Naruto with a finger who took on kaguya (a god) &amp; Sarada is on par w/ 4th War Sakura 
Good day for vids tomorrow. Stasis, Long Dark, Rebirth and Minecraft! 
Actually today was Yakub's birthday. I wish him many many returns of this day. May he hang in hell too.!! 
If Connor McGregor loses vs Aldo I think Dana White may go crazy with Ronda too losing in same month XD 
It\u2019s Tuesday night in Athens! AKA karaoke night at the Volstead so come see me!! 
Monsanto may be to blame for soaring suicide rates among farmers in India:  In India, the suicide r... @user 
"ABC: Giant pandas may be cute, but it takes a lot of work to support their lives in captivity: 
To all my ladies going to MetLife tonight  - may you be lucky enough to have something insane happen at your show! Have so much fun! XOXO 
Tearaway comes out Tuesday on PS4 and I'm finding out about it today. That's the second game out of the clear blue sky to drop on me. Fuck. 
You're uncle should texted you get Calibraska - EP by Jack &amp; Jack  
Today was the last day of Disneyland's regular Space Mountain.  As of this Friday, it will be Space Mountain Ghost Galaxy. 
@user Haha! Unlike Scotland, it's bloody scorching here this morning, having my brekkie outside before heading out  - later!" 
@user I thought Christians followed Christ, the name being a vague clue. Perhaps you should read the 2nd half of the book? @user 
Since September 26 is Batman Day I'm having a Batman month. We start off with the greatest Batman Story ever #Batman 
Everything about Brownsville is just bad and depressing. Can\u2019t wait to go back home tomorrow. 
Sitting on my luggage and smelling Jerusalem \u002cclick like if you hope to visit Israel soon . December tour... 
"I feel like tomorrow on Live with Kelly and Michael, they're gonna show the video of Shawn singing I Don't Even Know Your Name, I'm excited!" 
"Floyd Mayweather ""the thirstiest capitalist since Daniel Plainview"" lines up another boring fight 
@user  well Geaux Tigers:) and yes it is and then three days after that is.....Nov 6 which means election day! #RomneyRyan! 
Rick Perry has a great record of solving problems in the 12th largest economy worldwide.  Others have plans only 
Rick Perry said he was the Zar of stopping illegals sat there and glossed himself for 2 months how he could secure the border not 1 idea11 m 
"2,780,589 people could have seen 'Rahul Gandhi in Bengaluru' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl" 
Kendrick's was straight. But check out my boy J.Cole alright remix. These the top 2 rappers in HISTORY. 
"Yakub funded 1993 bomb blast, so he is a criminal, but wht bhai said is hang tiger 1st who was d master mind of d blast! #SalmanStandsClear" 
 Doug Wead interviewed LIVE tonight\u002c Wed\u002c 10pm EDT  we have link and other video Please RETWEET #ronpaul #ronpaul2012 
Phish, August 9th 1998.. the day they covered Grateful Dead's Terrapin Station suite on anniversary of Jerry's death 
@user If you watch Any Given Sunday backwards\u002c it\u2019s like Tim Tebow\u2019s career. 
@user Do you think David price will be a diamond on Monday?? 
Northern Ireland 1-0 England: The night Windsor Park blew David Beckham away: In the aftermath maybe, just may... 
Hey James Franklin when I play madden and I get sacked on 3rd and have to punt I don't let the clock run down to call a timeout to punt 
@user Were you able to fill out the Google Form to register for the show on the 12th? 
Make sure to be part of the upcoming EuroFM members meeting in Milan! #networkwithFMprofessionals 
@user picking  MVP in July is stupid ..wow were you marking off the days on your I luv Kris Bryant calendar to retweet this ? lol 
"Why the most lovely artists are not always understood? Lady gaga, justin bieber, miley cyrus etc etc today they have to know that..." 
Tbt to tik tok by kesha... That shit was the knock in 6th grade 
@user @user guys chill we dont know shit about briana we may not like the fact she's here but calling her names is rude 
Who\u2019s running the StrattonFaxon 20K in New Haven CT on Monday? 
Lovely- just received our complementary tickets to @user game @user v @user tomorrow.. Hoping or some goals.We go 0-3 Chelsea 
@user whoever ""they"" is many people have turned it into Kpop as a whole U may not have said anyting racist but ppl in ur fandom have" 
@user @user I think the Red Sox may be more popular around that region as well. Have many more fans nationally than Pats 
UDLP in the 4th round of the cup. Bring on Barca. 
Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge in deadly crash via @user GOOD! So selfish not above the law #jail! 
@user @user Going to be at the Lane on Saturday and if he's not in the squad I'll be gutted... Kane needs help! 
@user We're at the Beverly Gardens Park for the art show. We're here til 5pm!! Art Museum to the Art Park - perfect Sunday!! 
7:35 pm central time on Sunday night and Tom Brady and the @user are still #cheaters 
Frank Ocean better not joke about tomorrow 
THE SUNDAY DAILY The Rock: Hulk Hogan's paid the price for racist rant: DWAYNE 'The Rock' Johnson (pix)... #PrkDR 
Who are the danger men Newcastle Utd have to look out for on Sunday against West Brom ? 
Ion think I'm going to ICC tomorrow. 
Carly Fiorina the clear winner of Thursday's undercard debate 
False start penalty\u002c Garner moved early. Brings up 3rd and 16 from the Yale 47. 
#SPORTS Blue Jays-Yankees Preview - David Price's first road start for the Toronto Blue Jays may prove exactly why... 
"he's my sun, he makes me shine  #MTVStars Lady Gaga" 
One of my favorite characters on Game Of Thrones just died I can't go to school tomorrow I'm grieving 
@user Hi, this matter should be resolved but it may take time for the water supply to reach the whole network. Thanks, Niall." 
@user @user Lil Kim will be remembered as the 3rd/4th most successful female rapper. Nicki will/is the 1st. Numbers don't lie. 
Why am England playing on a Thursday have they got that shit that they're in the Europa League? 
RT @user RT @user RT @user Retweet if you're ready for Big Brother tonight! #teamjorchel #bb13 #cbsbigbrother can't w ... 
It's Amazon Prime Day using the Autism Sprinter link, it's a new as good as getting deals on a Black Friday!!... 
"Wait hw can Louis break-up w/ Briana if she's never been his gf in the 1st place. He knocked her up, yes but gf? Uhm #MTVStars One Direction" 
I may have just mentally assembled the most insane conspiracy web about the Dr. Luke / Kesha sitch. 
IRG may be laughing all the way to the bank but USAID has done next to zilch for Pakistani power consumers. 
Why Muslims always fighting with Muslims....shameful history of Muslims....except prophet time to 4 Khlifah 
@user My only Bradshaw concern is it's Thurs game-only 4 day rest-scared of injury.Would you drop Asiata for someone on waiver? 
"You may not like his football, but Christian ponder just did something really cool #lululemon" 
Reminder for tomorrow: make fun of Fisher for how gay his snapchat story is. Softer than a bag of milk. 
"After coughing up early lead, #MNTwins rally for 8-6 win and take the 1st game of series vs. the White Sox.  Circling the bases from tonight" 
Last night I had a dream that I was over at Beyonce's house &amp; we sat around drinking tea w/ Jay Z &amp; talked about Disney movies like ok 
@user Fiona is 3rd generation IRA. Very dangerous and highly trained. Even Jimmy knew he was outmatched. Gemma was smart to be scared 
Monsanto says no longer pursuing proposed Syngenta combination: U.S.-based Monsanto Co.  said Wednesday it is ... 
"Concert this Thursday with @user ! Then hopefully get some tickets for Jason Aldean, @user and @user 
"The day Taylor Swift and Hulk Hogan pay my bills, then I may actually give a fuck but till then." 
I plan on hunting for Ben Affleck all day tomorrow 
the thing I'm most jealous of ab Miley is that she got rapped ab by Jay...nearly marrying Liam is a close 2nd 
@user @user Whites have been oppressing Muslims since the end of the 1st World War, goy :^)" 
@user follow @user and meet her on NOVEMBER 26\u002c she\u2019ll be at the bell center by 4:00 pm. PLEASE FREDO. 
"I'm watching the movie Friday, on a Friday and I'm going to see Ice Cube next Friday 
You may not speak to justin bieber unless you are spoken to wtf are you the queen? the pope? no didn't think so 
@user @user If u r ready as a substitute for Yakub ,he may intervene." 
"Watching Michael Ball's performance of Empty Chairs At Empty Tables in the 10th anniv, and hit with SUDDEN EXTREME FEELS OGOD PERFECTION" 
Just remembered I'm taking the PSSAs tomorrow. #Fml 
I'm just sat here waiting for work to come around and Jimmy's at the Ice Cube q+a and I've just missed an opportunity to interview Kurt Vile 
Watching Underworld with Jace\u002c having a pretty nice Sunday. 
@user @user youre in denial jfc . the babys born in February right , watch briana get a ""miscarriage"" or some shit ." 
21 to go for Alex Smith! #49ers MT @user Tom Brady wins AFC player of the week for the 22nd time in his career\u002c tying Peyton Manning. 
Lavalantula is genuinely better than Pixels. I have laughed so may more times and not at it but with it. The guy from Sharknado showed up 
I used to love John Cena until it started being reported that he was politicking Nikki's push. It seems obvious. 
@user According to media, it may or may not be bad if Kanye West did run for president.  We've had entertainers participate before." 
Annual season kick-off with FENNARIO - New England's tribute to the Grateful Dead - Saturday, Aug 29th - Doors at 8pm 
@user : 1 way to lose votes is to side with a cheater like Tom Brady. 2nd way is to think its ok that #KimDavis  was arrested. 
its the 63rd of july and we are still waiting for frank ocean's new album 
Ok all y\u2019all Catholics\u002c tomorrow be a holy day of obligation. Be sure to get y\u2019all a$$ to mass. 
"Top 5 Pgs Rondo, Rose , Deron, Paul, ???....don't kno the 5th" 
"At #97 #100NumberTwos50s60s in Sep '69 taking over at #2 from Robin Gibb, the Bee Gees' Don't Forget To Remember 
@user thank Chris! Great to meet you both too.   The descent today was unbelievable! Now in Lugano ahead of tomorrow's ride to Milan. 
How is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the Valley can\u2019t? 
David Beckham's Son Romeo Beckham Leads out England Team for His 13th Birthday: When the word "Beckham" is a p... 
"Holy crap!  watched @user 's promo when signing the contract to face Seth Rollins. WOW! ""This Sunday, I'm gonna make you mine"" (bitch)" 
@user obviously we're not looking great right now, but the 'Arsenal will finish 5th' prediction is wrong every year!" 
"Paul Dunne, amateur co-leader at The Open, entered the tourney at 1500:1 odds (via @user and entered Sunday at 300:1 @user 
"RIP Bo Dallas, we hardly knew you. Loved this. WWE RAW,  Bo Dallas interrupt Brock Lesnar, Aug 24, 2015 via @user 
Buhari has shifted his campaign promise on Boko Haram. Now claims he will end BH by December instead of 2months. Nigerians have been scammed 
Remember you have to contribute in this calendar year. It's not like an IRA where you have until April 15th. #529  
Seeing Magic Mike XXL with my mains last Friday! #fridayfunday #unforgettable #tgifholiday 
Huckabee claims SCOTUS made new law on SSM. No. The equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment is more than a century old. 
I'm going to miss so many broadcast at Digi tomorrow because of this dm an tournament 
Oh great\u002c weather warning for Tayside and I\u2019m going to Dundee tomorrow.  Hope I don\u2019t get stranded up there #help 
I\u2019m mad that I haven\u2019t changed the channel. I\u2019ve actually watched 3 episodes of Stevie TV & every time I get mad at myself for watching it! 
The regular-season opener Thursday between the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks\u002c wh... :: 
".@FGaryGray interesting metatextual touch with Ice Cube's son delivering the ""Bye Felicia"" line from Friday to the girl at the party in SOC." 
"So I sat through that for Nintendo's announcement and they didn't make one. Like, even a trailer for Twilight Princess HD would've been fine" 
Also keep in mind that due to Labor Day we did not have a Monday shipment. Monday orders will go out with today's instead. 
BTW, @user is the guy who gave me an iPod last year, on which my son (@PChangerP ) 1st set me up on Twitter. My 1st tweet was 9/6/14. 
@user @user the IRA were founded by the united Ulster Men = you read The Sun cause you no FA about reality 
Are you using your smart phone or tablet in the late evening? Twilight may be a solution for you!  R 
Come enjoy Splash Dance with Robbie Riviera this Thursday @user 
Might not be able to get a free taco tomorrow. As Napoleon Dynamite would say\u002c dang it! 
"Gogoi inspired by Gandhi, not Modi: hief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday clarified that he was not trying to... 
I've just been told that I'm the perfect combination of Marilyn Munster and Wednesday Adams. #Halloween2014 
Lack of communication from #nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow.  Thank you #uft and @user for Info 
@user C'mon Rick, no matter how well Venus played or how poorly Serena played the outcome was set! Very easy to lose points in tennis. 
"1st Prize.RM 5000 with 4 x Ipad 2 (each person) Trophy, & certificate of participation. Lulz, Wanna Joinnnnnnnnnnnnn -___-" 
Turns out the issue we've been having w/ production is because some of our computers may not update time from Internet. 
#HowIwish that there will be no story from Tanzania tomorrow Super Eagles will really by super! What do you wish? @user @user 
the only thing I looked forward to at WWA was c'mon c'mon 
dear @user the newOoffice for Mac is great and all, but no Lync update? C'mon. 
@user @user This may unrelated to Erdogan: some quid-pro-quo with Russia that we know nothing about. 
"Again: 2nd best album of the year according to Noisey, ranked one position below KENDRICK LAMAR! 
Angela Merkel to run for 4th term....if this happens in Africa, UN, US, G7 etc will be planning to invade the country...hypocrites #africa 
Fans were in for quite the surprise at the FYF Festival in LA on Saturday. After Frank Ocean c... #HollywoodDivas 
"Hey John, i'm the guy from RSA and i just wanna wish you a great match with Seth Rollins on Sunday at SummerSlam and i hope you'll beat him" 
.@andrewrsorkin's dose of Carly Fiorina reality may be the most devastating one yet: 
The pack rides during the 7th stage of the 70th edition of the Paris-Nice cycling race run between S 
Now it\u2019s November won\u2019t b long til Xmas music starts on VH1. Can\u2019t wait all day everyday 
And on Tuesday\u002c Harry Redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club. 
"World Bank\u2019s \""""Africa can help feed Africa\"""" report\u002c 1 reason the \""""Borderless 2013\"""" is so important: finding solutions. 
Transformers Prime is being syndicated to the CW Network for their Saturday morning cartoon programming block. Very interesting. 
"Claims maths came from Islam. I tell him Egypt, Greeks had it earlier for example.Tries to prove me wrong by saying: 
@user he waited to long with lennox he should of finished him\u002c both Klitschko\u2019s seem to wait till the 6th and 7th round to finish people 
Foo Fighters - My Hero dedicated to the Crusaders last drive............. That's what Friday Night's all about dog!!! 
I'm not even a fan of box/mma but c'mon if you don't think Floyd Mayweather is a fucking joke then you're clueless 
@user Despite recent performances lets make sure 25k Albion fans make Amex a total noise cauldron on Friday # nonstopsinging 
"You may not know it, but Carly Fiorina can gush over Islam darn near as good as Obama. 
@user Why govt loosing sleep over Anna Hazare's fast. May be they don't want another Gandhi like figure. 
Ed Sheeran concert at 7 PM tomorrow. Getting in line at like 9 lol. Need to get close to the stage bruh 
The safest place to be in Tottenham tonight is the Spurs trophy cabinet. There's no chance of looters visiting there. #gooners #goonerpower 
@user oh wow! Did you just trade Elvis? I\u2019m just saying @user may not like you! :) 
Don\u2019t Forget\u002c tomorrow is the annual General Body meeting! Come out to learn more about ISAT and the organizations we are affiliated with! 
new Iron Maiden video capture my children gaming history. Have alook at this video Earl Robinson I think you may... 
i found a video of me raging on october 3rd because she never went to Disney world 
Jim Tracy is doing a double switch. With 2 outs in 9th inning. Of a Cactus League game. With the score tied. 
I need Justin &amp; Dakota to take a pic together when they are both on the Today Show tomorrow 
@user what are you some stupid Twilight vampire? REAL ones don't go outside to tan. They sleep in complete darkness until the sun is down 
Shawn when he see a bee @user  
Tomorrow I'm gunna be in the Jurassic  Park theme so much no one will recognize me 
the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto\u2019s !!! 
David Wright is 6 for 20 with 5 walks in five games with St. Lucie. He is scheduled to be back with the Mets no later than Monday. #LGM 
@user @user Now, now, some of them are coming over to support Bernie Sanders, because he makes sense, but then they may agree? 
Problems for Newcastle Utd with new sponsor as star players may oppose Wonga's loans on religious ethical grounds 
@user I guess you considered that 9th inning vs the Red Sox on Friday a comeback as well 
Tom Brady leads my team into the long season in hopes of winning the golden rhino head tomorrow night! 
RT @user Gavin Henson looks set to miss the Rugby World Cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday 
I need to log off now bc school starts tomorrow and I'm still not done with my summer hw. Have a Shawn pic (not mine) 
One of Android fans' biggest fears about the Galaxy Note 5 may be unfounded * 52 
Anxious for the one next Wednesday I need to get to the bottom of this Bobbi Kristina and Nick thing 
Bruh what if they made a new Friday with Ice Cube Son and DC Young Fly as smokey 
Flying in to Calgary tomorrow. @user I can\u2019t wait to meet you at your loft. Best stay in or get out of dodge this weekend. #sayno 
@user c'mon bruh, you watch Chelsea every week you aren't actually gonna tell me that Oscar works harder due to tackles are you? 
I just want tomorrow to be here so I can see Jurassic World again 
@user Ironman Wales in September? Fancy it? Warm welcome from us Welshies in Tenby! 
Tomorrow. 6 million Directioners will just cry and watch the video in silence. #LittleThings 
"Obviously Kendrick, sorry Frank ""the disappearing act"" Ocean 
"I really just tweet on Wednesday ,Thursday and Sunday because of Big Brother but other then that I don't tweet now." 
New TV series BBC2 1950h Sunday called 'Smug rich buggers make poorer people beg' I bet George Osborne absolutely loves it 
"David Price is my late uncle's nephew. Although he may not remember me or know me personally, there is no... 
Jay Z joins Instagram with nostalgic tribute to Michael Jackson: Jay Z apparently joined Instagram on Saturday and.. 
Everybody better hide tomorrow. If Brock Lesnar is there he will fuck shit up again. No one is safe lol 
I'm going to woo @user with my intense ass karaoke skills tomorrow everyone better watch out I'm pulling out the Bee Gees and Prince 
Hey @user how about august electric scream screening of magic mike xxl?? Mamas def want to see some dancing and comedy! 
@user Biafrans died on Wednesday bomb blast at Gombe in  Zoo ( Nigeria).We want to be free from this killing everyday by the BOKO HARAM. 
Brock Lesnar is going over Sunday at #SummerSlam doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out #RAW 
The Knicks got the Heat at MSG tomorrow! Gonna be tough but we got this!! #knickstape #GoNewYork 
@user The 1520 is the first Nokia I have ever had break on me. 1st. the phone stops reading the micro sim card 
on saturday i'll count how many white girls with Nirvana shirts and flannels i ses 
@user it's super! But saving pennies starts now. Last afternoon so we're cramming in sun by the rooftop pool. 
Andy broken to start the 3rd set; still complaining to chair ump that 5 minutes is excessive bathroom usage time. Murray's so done. #USOpen 
"For the holiday season, the gallery will close from 24 Dec and reopen on 4 Jan in London and 6 Jan in Milan 
@user Movie day and some of Grammy\u2019s hot chocolate tomorrow... #pleaseohplease 
still so sad I'm not going to Ed Sheeran the 25th ://// 
@user I can already see it now ""my dad is driving down 11th yelling 'Free Gucci!' Omg""" 
Terry vs Elton over the missed fair catch signal Saturday....now that was funny 
Not making it to the main debate stage may not be such a bad thing for Carly Fiorina 
@user I can't wait to see how Tom Brady does when he doesn't consistently have the 2nd or 3rd ranked defense or best coach of all time. 
going to kms because I didn't check fantasy before thursday and left arian foster on my bench... he got 25 points 
Careless World tour hit up 8 places in Cali. Haha the fuck\u002c yoo. 
Friends and Seinfeld (I didn't get cable until 3rd grade so I watched the shows on satellite) 
MARCA: Ancelotti was all smiles this Thursday. Khedira has already trained twice with the team &amp; everything appears to be going to plan. 
they were talking about the teen awards on Sunday and they mentioned ashton being sick :( 
Is anyone checking out the New Batman: Rises movie showing tonight by USG at 6 and then the Octoberfest tomorrow night. 
@user dear misguided Muslim brother Ahmadiyyat is True n beauty of Islam... May Allah Guide u to the right path @user 
"Its the 8th day of august, still haven't received the Frank Ocean album." 
@user ur bank? Think maria may have something to say about that lol 
@user @user @user I so agree! You did awesome, Curtis :) I may hate Metatron, but I don't hate you. YOU ROCK!" 
"Jessica is not going to come back to OT9 as sad as that may be, you have to understand that." 
@user it\u2019s party on nov 11th at da CHALMERS community hall 10$ to get n 
The 1st Black woman to ever host the Academy Awards was=>@WhoopiGoldberg! I want to be like her! #BlackHistoryMoment 
@user September 22 is a Bastard Bearded Irishmen half way to St. Patty's Day party at Mulligan's. I'm going and Erika's going 
Fifty five years ago today TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was published. GO SET A WATCHMAN is released tomorrow. Will you read it? 
David Beckham may play James Bond in the next 007 blockbuster 
I've just been told for the 5th time that my case number "will be escalated" to a Level II tech by @user @user @user 
@user Message from Argentina: if u don`t come w/Snarky in November, we`ll have 2 make a video begging like the Foo Fighters fans did." 
"We're excited to have MYSA's support behind tomorrow night's game! First 1,000 people in the doors get a mini soccer ball!" 
@user Were you on SM Sta. Rosa last Sunday? I didn\u2019t see you. :( And SM Calamba this Friday yeah? 
Sat listening to the new Iron Maiden album with a coffee. Waiting to go to the venue for today's #hogroast. 
You may be tempted to swim with this new waterproof Apple Watch case #apple 
"News: Sydney\u002c Oct 12 (ANI): Pacer James Anderson attacked an \""""arrogant\"""" Michael Clarke with a batsman\u2019s pad in the dressing room afte..." 
@user @user @user Their release should have been demanded before Kerry ever sat down at the table. 
Kris Bryant may be one of my favorite ball players all-time when it's said and done. 
Working Friday morning shift at Dunkin is actually the most stressful thing you could do. #godhelpme 
Mama G said we could go see Paper Towns tomorrow and I SWEAR if she cancels on me 
@user @user after hearing the 3-11 day news and another! Overtime the rest of the year! Plus Mexico in January!! I'm ready guys!!! 
@user That's why Obama's personal records are sealed by an Executive order.  Only the guilty party take the 5th. 
#BPL issues to be decided Nov 1: Bangladesh Cricket Board will take a final decision on the Bangladesh Premier Le... 
"Hey all!  Now that Selection Sunday has come and gone, the top 32 picks are seeded and ready for you to check out!... 
@user your arguments may be valid in an overarching debate on DP. Too late in the game now for Yakub. Folks shut have spoken... 
@user we got Milan last Wednesday ... she's rotten lol 
As long as it's not Chris Evans standing in!!!! 
@user @user @user Actually, it was the other way round: 1st this admin literally kissed ass, then Iran demanded mills on top!" 
Big whoop--it's Beyonce's birthday. My birthday's coming (Sept 13) and I bring just as joy to people 
"Two cans of Red Bull may give you x-ray vision, but five cans give you the ability to hear oxygen." 
Hmmm... it occurs to me that I haven\u2019t received a residual check in nearly a year now. I think I should email SAG tomorrow. 
@user I'll go Kane in......one of Mata, Fellani or Young going the other way. 2nd Benzema for DDG........warm or freezing? Neymar" 
"Good luck tomorrow to the Hawks v @user (A), Vikings v @user 2nds (A) &amp; Bears v @user (H) #GTH #UTB #Hawksfamily" 
"I'm sorry, but Randy Orton is the most plain wrestler on the roster. He does nothing for me in the main event spot. 2nd is Sheamus." 
@user @user If it weren't for Blair there would have been no Good Friday Agreement, and the IRA would have won!" 
Last night may have been my last Digi concert for a while. But I had an amazing night. Thank you for everything Digi. @user 
@user @user He has 3 years left on his deal so AFC\u2019s resistance may be to strong. Where do you predict Espanyol will finish? 
Whatever. Some dude forcing his opinions on people ain't worth my time. But aye yall who's ready for the new Naruto episode tomorrow! 
"Thompson, White Sox rally to edge Red Sox: Trayce Thompson was 3-for-4 with 3 RBI Tuesday night while li... #news" 
@user @user marvi u better apologize to every Pakistani nd Muslims over ur non sense talk in 11th Hour or prepare 4 the Hell 
Red Sox have a runner at 3rd with 2 out with the game still tied at 1-1. 
The only reason Dustin Johnson didn't play  well is because it's a Sunday.  Luckily for him the final round is on Monday.  #TheOpen2015 
"Mat Matters: The Hulk Hogan problem: When news broke on Friday about the racist comments by Hulk Hogan, record... 
I\u2019m going to Clutch at Buster\u2019s Billiards & Backroom in Lexington\u002c KY - Dec 28 
Saw straight out of Compton 3x this week. I can watch it again tomorrow and still be excited. Gain so much respect for Ice Cube 
"Caitlyn Jenner may not be ""down"" with gay marriage, but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical." 
I go to the dentist and eye doctor on Friday. Promoting Calibraska. 
"It may cost more, but the new @user Moto G is still a damn fine smartphone. Full review: 
@user Sorry that we couldn\u2019t get you in the party. The guys I was playing with refuse to play ground war. Open Lobby on Wed. 
"so who's going to Jason Aldean tomorrow, raise ur hands" 
Apple Watch now works with August`s designer smart lock #charlesmilander 
"Unfortunately, Magic TV will be delayed until tomorrow, due to issues with the T1 here at CFB studios. We... 
I have an issue driving slow. So im gonna try to make it from AZ to LV in 3 hrs. Tomorrow. 
"On the auspicious day of Eid, may you be blessed with peace, prosperity and happiness. Eid Mubarak to all..!" 
@user ""Yes,I did.It was a disaster.I saw Thor on the news.I was very concerned."" Tom sat next to him,placing his hand on his~" 
Festivus is back as a twilight event on Friday 15 January. Do you like music? Do you like the arts? Do you like... 
David Price is the fastest #bluejays' pitcher to reach 50Ks with the team. He accomplished the feat tonight in his 6th #jays' start. 
I'm slightly bummed the Foo Fighters are playing Friday night of ACL rather than Sunday. I'm pretty much not gonna care the other 2 days. 
Janet Jackson took a moment to remember Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her passing.  The iconic artist penned... 
I had a dream that Brock Lesnar won the 3rd annual #WMT because he F5d everyone. I woke up hoping it wasn't a dream. 
@user Dead on point.  U couldn't expect to sweep with Verlander pitching...now if u get lucky tomorrow, its gravy and HUGE." 
Similar situation happened in the dolphins game where they ran on 3rd down to run clock.. Difference is jets don't have aaron Rodgers 
I just heard about Frank Gifford. Anyone who ever watched Monday Night Football enjoyed it more with him. Rest in peace. 
Wilt Chamberlain dropped 100 PT\u2019s with NO THREES ! C\u2019mon son 
@user The tweet is from January, during the Charlie Hebdo crisis." 
Beyonce and future on stage together somewhere and all I see on the tl right now is yasssss! Come Thur bitch!!! 
its not that I\u2019m a GSP fan\u002c i just hate Nick Diaz. can\u2019t wait for february. 
Was thinking about seeing JAWS at the Roxy on Wednesday\u002c but now it seems I\u2019ll be seeing BAIT 3D instead. It\u2019ll be just as good\u002c right? 
also just got Dark Souls to work with OBS i am READY for tomorrow :D 
"Olive Garden\u2019s Dinner Today & Dinner Tomorrow special\u002c for the person who thinks \""""Hey\u002c that was terrible! Wonder what it\u2019s like microwaved?\""""" 
UFC on Fuel TV 5 Preliminary Card Preview: This Saturday\u002c the UFC once again comes to Fuel TV. Coming ... #UFC #MMA 
Lovely meal with the fam #yumyum Day four at #OpenChampionship tomorrow come on Harris English 
Here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on Good Morning America....and Nicki Minaj is not happy but ABC has... 
15 times Prince George shook things up for the royal family - Prince George turned two on Tuesday! In... 
hello fam I'm off work Friday sat &amp; sun so if there's a day all of us could get together all at the same time that would be gucci hmu 
@user I hear you this Sunday morning, &amp; will just remind you that Christians throughout history have not always followed Christ." 
@user a reminder that Monday 8pm eastern time ac4 black flag multiplayer gameplay event if you missing out on PS4 gamelab trophy. 
Kris Bryant hits a pop-up 4 an opposite field walkoff HR to win it w/ 2 outs in the 9th. A perfectly Wrigley HR. 
"Obama is a ditherer. (Or you can call him a deep thinker. Both correct.) But for the love of Ebola, DO SOMETHING. 
@user nobody wants to see you panting in the shadows over Magic Mike XXL at 2pm on a Monday. 
1D in Chicago Sunday was awesome! So sad about the 1 year break but they totally deserve it! Niall owned the show! 
Sadly another Australian Tour has come to an end going to miss Australia so much next stop Brisbane tomorrow then... 
@user I\u2019m going down to the united game on Sat then staying down there\u002c so I ain\u2019t gonna be out man #immissinout #haveatrebelforme 
Some round by Paul Dunne at St Andrews. Shoot that tomorrow and he wins. #Ireland 
"#Accused Olivia colman, Joe dempsie; Jimmy mcgovern always comes out with gold, pity I missed the 1st episode" 
"Cole dissed Future on his Black Friday, Kendrick dissed everyone on his. the collab album bout to be one big subliminal diss." 
@user .... hope the sun shining on you in Haltwhistle today ... Drum up any support ?? 
@user @user @user think U2 should stay well out of Ireland 4 a long time = talking about Bloody Sunday as been about the IRA 
Let the debate begin: Eli or Big Ben: When the Steelers play the Giants on Sunday\u002c there will be something swirling... 
Has just won two tickets to evanescence on Monday boom! Thanks @user 
@user Watched last week's Jersey Shore last night, you put your own head into the wall? Seriously, CRAZY! atleast Ronnie didn't!" 
Video: Endorsing #Fender with the Kurt Cobain #jaguar #guitar going into a #mustang Minor 3rd setting (at... 
Sweet Sunday morning with the King...  Bob Marley #reggaemusic #emancipateyourself 
"RT @user @user I'm going to the Arsenal ladies v Everton tonight, I'm nervous already. #FAWSL" 
"83 Minutes", major new book on the amazing life &amp; tragic death of Michael Jackson released on Sept 10. @user @user @user 
New IPhone, it's a relegious day. 
"Defund PP!"   Says Bobby Jindal, governor of the State with the 5th highest teen pregnancy rate in the nation...  Maybe no, Bobby. 
If my The Vamps exclusive @user album isn't ready for pick up today like it says I will riot! Been waiting since Dec 4 for it 
"Roskilde Festival starts today.Tomorrow Jakob Bro+Thomas Knak will introduce their music """"Bro/Knak"""" live for the first time @user 
"You know it cost $900 to be in Miss Teen USA? I was like """"So... you want me to pay $900 to be in a pageant that I may or may not win?""""" 
From my recently viewed list I can see my Dad watched the entire 1st season of Gilmore Girls on Netflix yesterday #Dale 
The Craft Awards are happening next week on October 4th at the Gladstone Hotel! Invite all your friends and get... 
@user lol this is the first time i eat pancakes since Monday. & damn you just Hurt my feelings 
My Bernie sanders buttons haven't come in the mail yet and I'm super stressed because I'm moving on Sunday. 
Thursday night Must-See TV hasn't been this comical since the Friends &amp; Seinfeld one-two punch. #GOPDebate 
Putin is baiting you He waits for the first week of new admin b4 he starts mayhem/chaos. 3rd  most dangerous person behind iran and potty 
You lot may want to mute or unfollow for the next goodness knows how long this Apple event is going to last.  I fear a rant may come on. 
@user zeroes in on the latest in a short video. Making iPhone &amp; iOS great for enterprises. 1st @user &amp; now @user 
"Tia Sharp: cause of death may never be known- well they would have known it, had they found the body when they first searched her house." 
"CNN amends debate criteria, Carly Fiorina may get in - CNN has modified its standards for who qualifies for the su... 
Just cus it\u2019s Friday here are 62 reasons why Bill Murray is awesome 
@user I used to really like Rick Perry, just has become so bitter. He may be very sad. He should try to smile 
"Last night was #twEATup dinner at Bucci, tonight is  sister's bday dinner in Sunnybank, tomorrow is dinner at The Red Hen. #whatweightgain" 
Happy Birthday Wilt Chamberlain may you rest in peace 
I just saw a 3rd grader talking on her I phone 6... Wtf is wrong with this world. I would be lucky to have a Nokia in 3rd grade... 
Hisd is the only district that don\u2019t got school tomorrow ii think . 
Don\u2019t forget that the amazing Georgie Fame is bringing his smooth style Rhythm & Blues and his famous Hammond organ to @user 14 Nov 
#DescribeYourPhobia running into Caitlyn Jenner in the dark... or the light... or in the midday sun... or at all. I'm scared of ghouls 
@user When it comes to gay rights, progressives pretty much stop at the border/1st world (Russia, Italy lip service)." 
NYFW With Abbey Dawn !!!!! This seriouslly may seem to make me personally Laughter!   
"Market meltdown on the SPX is likely a 3rd wave, nice try to stop the crash, but they cant stop it now (well dont look like it)" 
Josh Hamilton the best 1st pitch player in baseball gets a slow hanging curveball down the middle &amp; just looks at it. Lol 
Our fun Fair Cape colour in competition that appeared in the Cape Argus on Saturday! 
I\u2019m gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow 
1 bottle empi light and 2 bottles of SMB is enough to call it a night. For tomorrow is another day. 
@user  Its my 19th birthday and you\u2019re my favorite Pats player! Can i get a RT!?! 
Did anyone see Hillary's Server Boy actually plead the 5th or did his Lawyers only do this in the media? @user @user @user 
3rd attempt of the weekend to try and watch the 2nd Harry Potter #effort 
"Her is a Chevy Spark in Dons favorite color.  I may joke, but this color sells out as soon as the dealer gets... 
"this boy got some beats , gucci bag, Versace sun glasses and is taking the damn train . . Type of shit is that" 
Life is so difficult; especially when you need to decide to spend money on dorm stuff or if you want to buy chick-fil-a and dunkin tomorrow 
I just want it to be tomorrow.. but till then ALL THE RAMEN AND NARUTO! #believeit 
@user Iran may regret it. But only if it happens under a GOP President after Obama and Kerry are gone. 
Thursday's top stories including the latest in the lawsuit against Rolling Stone and Sabrina Erdely  
Thank you to Brenda May Callander jp Peter tanya (I think) briana  zack Austin Andrew  and I'm thinking grandma... 
On another note, it seems Greek PM Tsipras married Angela Merkel to Francois Hollande on Sunday #happilyeverafter 
Anderson takes a toilet break. He's up 2 sets but doesn't really have the momentum. Murray finished 2nd set stronger. 
@user Its wide open at the Open Championship, should be a cracker tomorrow, good luck to amateur Paul Dunne who started at 1,500/1" 
You can't say Muslim and claim it's not about Islam! It's a fact for those who have a monochromatic gaze like urs 
Art may or may not be the hardest class EVER 
Long drive too Kentucky tomorrow hopefully gonna get the big buck we caught on cam\u002c at least we got @user playing in the Chevy! <3 
"Really hoping tonite Lloyd Robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell \""I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!\"" #Lloyd" 
"Supposingly tomorrow go back at 12noon, because of Nurses Day going back at 6pm. Seriously? Hahaish." 
If I end up going to Disneyland tomorrow I'll be the happiest girl on this planet 
Big Brother is actually painful. Can it please be Thursday already? 
BMP is coming to the Volstead! Grand opening HH this Fri 5-9. What are you gonna order first? 
Samajwadi Party may patch up with Trinamool Congress: SP sources affirm that party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav is likely to patch up wi... 
#ENG under investigation after fielding 12 players in the 2nd half. Turns out Kane's mate joined him on the pitch 
chris brown and august alsina sang hold you down and all i could think about was jungkook singing it and i almost cried 
I don't get the panic at all. Still in playoffs still david price pitching Friday still great lineup still lots of games left #bluejays 
Turn's out Apple's snarky statement about Samsung isn't quite what the judge had in mind: 
Jeb Bush fading from the presidential race and Hillary Clinton slowly dropping from the 30th mark in the presidential race.....  Obvious! 
@user yoo.. you gonna be at ECAASU in February? let\u2019s go bro! come to Philly\u002c i\u2019ll drive up! 
@user Have a Great Tour Georgia! So sad that you won\u2019t be in Youngstown for a 2nd year in a row & I won\u2019t get to see you guys :( 
The Daily Zap: Catch highlights from Monday\u2019s action in the NBA. 
"Can't wait to see #WWE #RAW tonight, after #SummerSlam, this is the 1st time we'll see John Cena without any title around his waist" 
"\""""@Peter_Owen1: Bulls season tips off Wednesday night vs Sacramento Kings. Excited is not the word.\"""" Frustrated is the right one..." 
"Trayce Thompson's 2-run double gives the White Sox a 5-4 lead in the 7th. Is 3-for-4 with a double, triple and 3 RBIs." 
"Wishes this happy occasion on Eid, a very Happy Eid Mubarak!"" May Allah bring you joy, happiness, peace &amp;... 
"God Only Knows. Elton, Kylie, Chris Martin, Jools, Jamie Cullum, Brian May, etc, etc. The BBC always drag up the usual shite, don't they?" 
PMB approves amnesty for Boko Haram? May it turn out to be rumour! 
Frank Gifford and Al Michaels are the voices I hear when I think about Monday night football @user 
@user you do realise that in like 50 years\u002c us Barbz will be sat in a nursing home still wanting the RIM video :(((( 
"Our gradual warm-up continues and peaks on Sunday, Veteran Day with high in the mid 60s! Rain chance tonight-Sat. AM. #backchannel" 
"x')) *proud*RT@_changsuns [Prepix's 2nd tweet rough trans] Like the expression,style,dance,rap and m/v too. It is awesome GD. Korea's pride." 
yall i got my ipod taken in 3rd period because i forgot to turn my volume down and i got a notif about army selca day 
"I added a video to a @user playlist Fitness Tips with Ashleigh McIvor &amp; Kendrick - December 7, 2015 Squat" 
@user  Listening to the album right now \u002c for the 20th time lol \u002c I\u2019m on Poetic Justice now 
I'm sorry she may be the queen but Madonna is a bitch #gogaga 
"Yoga Crash Course with Dawn Marie this Saturday at Maya Shakti Yoga Studio. 708 Commercial Avenue Anacortes, WA 
anyway me and Moonbyul are going to Disneyland tomorrow. we might hold hands if I don't chicken out!  
@user u can imagine what may happen if they allow the enemies to enter Madinah. Plus, they broke the covenant they had with Muslims" 
Saw this after the game Saturday.   @ Former Site Of The Now Removed Joe Paterno Statue At Beaver Stadium 
it\u2019s either UA or AU for grad school. As much as I love Alabama\u002c I\u2019m thinking Auburn may be the better choice for me. 
If they play New Born tomorrow instead of SS I will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at Bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel 
"Five bottles left of Stone Brewing's 16th Anniversary Double IPA. 10% ABV, brewed with lemon verbana and rye. $7.49 for a 22oz." 
I'm a little too excited about this Kurt Cobain albums m coming out in November! 
If Volstead went against #Braves on a Monday\u002c he\u2019d give up 5 runs in first\u002c then cubs make a furious rally late to win #twostreaks 
Goin to the Ed Sheeran concert Thursday and I haven't really listened to him lol #whatislife 
Jason Aldean&amp;Kenny Chesney tickets for sale. Concert is the 29th. Good seats for a really good price. Text me asap for more info!! 
I don\u2019t think Dwight Howard is gonna last in LA. He\u2019s already frustrated and it\u2019s 2nd game... Uh oh 
Daylight Savings is ending and you know what that means - an extra hour of sleep on Saturday night!  This is our... 
I think I'm gonna wear leggings tomorrow with my Jurassic Park shirt pls send clothing advice 
And if my day wasn't bad enough already, Snoop Dogg just cancelled his concert tomorrow night.... 
"On Sunday, hours after the Summer Olympics officially came to a close in London, NBC aired their pre-ceremony mo... 
We better trend HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY NICK J. That\u2019ll be so confusing for him when he gets on. xD 
The best way to find Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 may be with Michelle Obama's arms. 
Is Kevin Owens a deserving champion or just like Seth Rollins? @user #raw sunday dhammal 
@user All you need to do is catch U2 to Brunel University looool in shaa Allah man, I'm free atm. I start in October" 
They're going to release info and tickets for the JaDine World Tour on Dec 25 where is the chill people I need to see 'em in Milan wtf. 
Ever seen the Huntsville statue of Sam Houston? TRUE STORY - on a road trip\u002c woke up and thought it was 2nd coming. 
Barca beats Joventut 86-77 in 1st preseason game. Marc Garcia and Demond Mallet led all scorers with 20 points each 
"Might only play Kenny and Jason Aldean tonight djing to prepare for tomorrow. Ya I know I'm a loser for going tomorrow, I didn't buy them.." 
Christmas with Nataniel. 26 - 28 NOV.R200 -  R150 @ #Computicket. MAIN THEATRE. 
"Zayn may have left, but the boys do such an amazing job covering his parts.. #EMABiggestFans1D 
"I am still struggling in third place in the 14th and Beyonce, Lady Gaga, Fifth Harmony ?! we had to have them, that now everyone loves them?" 
Conor McGregor was reportedly fight with a bad knee on Saturday night. Coach said "He did not do any live wrestling in camp." 
I dream of a world where not only is Hannibal in it 4th season but we're also looking forward to a Hannibal vs Dexter Halloween special lol 
@user re Levein discussion on Wed. Can\u2019t keep changing boss\u002c but he is far too negative. Brazil gone\u002c new boss cud experiment. 
@user No jack!! went on Rita last Sunday... And I swear I\u2019ve got bruises on my head from it\u002c it\u2019s TOO fast! My head took a bashing! 
#Brewers News Braun makes history with fourth 20/20 season - Ryan Braun became the 31st player in Major League his... 
@user What's with all the day matches tomorrow on Ashe?? No Murray or Halep? Can I change my tix? #usopen 
gonna watch Sharknado tonight just so I can talk about it with my kids tomorrow 
Welp glad i listened to my instincts and started Romo ...we'll see how he does tonight though 
Thursday just aren\u2019t as exciting now Waterloo Road has stopped 
"Quiet Saturday afternoon drinking IPAs &amp; watching ""Sharknado"" haven't seen it until today, whoever wrote it must have done some serious IPAs" 
@user Okay then. That is where I would start. I have good experience with Book Depository so I may get your books soon. 
2nd time going to Dunkin today and there closed. Like no this is not ok 
Anyone wanna buy a Zac Brown Band ticket for the 3rd? 
Black History Fact: Marsalis is the 1st and only artist to win both classical and jazz Grammy Awards in one year\u002c and to repeat the next yr 
Sad I won\u2019t get to see @user on The Challenge: Battle of the Seasons tonight :( I guess I\u2019ll have to wait until next Wednesday.. 
HOT! Jim Ross and Alicia Fox will be playing in the Kendrick Perkins Celebrity Poker Tournament tomorrow afterno...  
I might have a pair of Janet Jackson tickets to giveaway Friday morning on The River 100.5 FM. I'll update you... 
Many Websites Going Dark Today in Protest of SOPA and PIPA - You may have noticed that some of the websites... 
@user if Jordan Spieth or Dustin Johnson can be the LeBron of golf, I may watch in a few years. I want to see dominance in golf." 
Three times Grammy nominated\u002c Brit Award nominee and Ivor Novella winner Joan Armatrading takes to the stage on Sunday! 
@user @user might wanna check on me if we lose tomorrow... Might pull something similar to that Kony guy in the streets 
"I remember standing on Suncorp 15 mins b4 1st Lions Test &amp; @user saying, ""this is rugby nirvana"".Today match it mate? #MarlinsWallabies" 
@user Good morning, yuki~! Oh, i like your name too. Does It means snow? Riko isn't my real name, i've chose it because i like japan." 
Imagine how deprived we'd be without the Sunday morning shows sharing with us the wisdom of Sarah Palin and Dick Cheney. #p2 #topprog 
Australia Test and ODI captain Michael Clarke at the launch of the international season in Sydney on Monday  
Surprising my mom with AC/DC tickets for Wednesday. Just going to show up 
1st time i drove stick ever  i kinda lied to the salesman at AB Honda that i can drive standard and took the 5 speed manual for a #TestDrive 
Just watched The Lorax for the 20TH TIME!! #ihavenoregrets #OOC 
My boss asked me if I would work Christmas &amp; I'm just like.. heck yes! Id work a double Christmas day if I could. Just not black Friday. Lol 
@user I despise Sarah Palin. You may want her support, but she'll end up sinking you like she did McCain. Proceed cautiously. 
Floyd Mayweather ranked his top five boxers.   Where he puts Muhammad Ali may shock you: 
Sending my sincere prayers &amp; condolences to the Gifford family on Frank Gifford's passing. May he rest in peace. 
Watching the #49ers game from Sunday night and I see why Cliff Avril was throwing fits. He was getting his butt kicked all night 
I found my old ipod classic from the 5th grade the songs on it oh my god 
@user see you tomorrow at the Britannia! Been almost a year since we got to meet you in Milan, now to see you turn it up in Stoke!" 
@user just driving past Groves. Scoreboard says 22-15, Seaholm... May not be accurate-I'm not at the game." 
Murray is 28 and at his peak. Not sure he can win another major. He may have to be content with his Wimbledon &amp; US Open wins. #murray 
"Our Holiday Open House is in full swing!!! Please stop by if you can. Noon to 3 p.m. at 724 W. 2nd Avenue, Milan,... 
Ok Dongwoo\u2019s fansite is not accepting new members right now...need to register on the 11th 
Eastern Men's lax hosting the MAC Championship on Saturday be there!!! 
@user Thanks for taking the time to sign my hat on sunday. Wish you nothing but the best man! P.S. See you at Metlife this weekend! 
@user 1/2 white? does\u2019nt matter;Malcolm X may hv been as well.Still no specifics.U ppl don\u2019t hv ideas except make bombs killem all 
Just watched most of movie\u002cmissed the 1st 20 min.s\u002cbut...I thought Y2J was in it!Looked like him\u002csaid Chris Jericho in credits\u002cbut...nah! (; 
Tomorrow, Apple Inc. will introduce the 6S, a new Apple TV and the iPad Pro. 
"Dang, Forrest didn't get it done. :/ He was our last American hope tonight, oh well... Now for the main event Anderson Silva vs Yushin Okami" 
@user I think I know why you think it's funny. It may have a lot to do with the fact that you don't remeber when Milan played in CL 
In the 27th Williams vs. Williams match, Serena saved her best for last: 
I would be surprised if Tha Carter IV was anything greater than shit...hope I'm proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo 
"Fire it up. We will be posting free picks here for the next couple weeks. 5 NFL picks will be up Saturday, some CFB plays this wk as well" 
Here's Shawn's 2nd pass of the day which put us in the 10th spot.  Still have 2 more Qualifying Passes today. 
This time tomorrow\u002c @user and I will be well on our way to Starkville for a sick weekend...the USM game is going to be atrocious. 
Love and Harden hitting the deck in pursuit of loose balls early 2nd Q. Proof this is NOT an NBA All-Star Game. 
@user in the words of Dr. King\u002c \""I may not get there with you\u002c but I want you to know we as a people will get there\""" 
got the 2nd season of Downton Abbey from the library...so ashamed about the girly side of me coming out\u002c had to schedule a new tattoo 
"For the 1st time, Hindus declined to less than 80% population whereas Muslims increased by 0.8%. #Census2011 
@user I've only got Niall now ... But if you want Harry I'll get more tomorrow!! 
"Even if he wasn't a wrestler, I figure Dean Ambrose would still be drunkenly fighting someone every Monday night." 
Rousey's need for speed: NASCAR drivers may know a little something about a need for speed. ESPN even ... #NASCAR 
"Hey guys, Kris Bryant just hit his 20th homer of the season. He only needs to double that and add 10 to live up to the hype! #cubs" 
"The \""Sneak peek\"" of The Hunger Games last night on the VMA's was ridiculous! I am soo mad I watched E4w4FL" 
@user the same way Joel Skinner held Kenny Lofton at 3rd in 07. #Destiny 
This literally may be one of the best week's in a long time on a Big Brother season. #BB17 
@user can\u2019t open the link\u002c is it ferry Corsten in December? 
"Paul McCartney will once again get ""Out There"" this October with two more shows :: 
gonna go see Justin bieber with dylan in March on my birthday!!!! 
@user actually now they're all denying they ever believed the sun when it came to Zayn.....not even they can keep up with their BS 
Any one want two Jason Aldean tickets for September 11th? Text or DM me 
Return of Sunday morning watching the lad play footy. All week I picture them playing like Barca, the reality is very different. #YouthFooty 
@user went to get vip for February 11th show and you're sold out my heart is broken I can't meet you with my big brother 
"Fake punt on 4th and 11? Wow, James Franklin can make some odd decisions. #PennState #Michigan #PSUvsMICH" 
Guess who's going to see Foo Fighters on Tuesday!!!!! (ME) 
The biggest victory for the IRA was Bloody Sunday. Membership surged. Bombing Syria will only do the same. Membership of ISIS will rocket. 
Haye: Vitali deal \u2019signed\u2019: David Haye still expects a fight with Vita... CLICK-1st-LINK! 2WIN 
Jurassic World is back in @user theaters for one week starting Friday! Who's going?! 
Thanks Sky for screwing up another home game by putting it on the Monday of Toy Fair for 2nd year running. Didn\u2019t want to see Everton anyway 
While everyone is out in the freezing cold Trick or Treating\u002c I sit here watching White Collar. Yes\u002c this is how I spend my October 31st. 
Friday - Yearbook ordering deadline! Your child is going to want one of these\u002c and they are so easy to order online: 
"US State Department is the last to have Eid, were they locked in a basement and couldnt see the Moon? 
@user  I just read your Janet Jackson article No Sleeep hit #1 on the R&amp;B Billboard Charts and her Unbreakable CD release date is Oct 1 
Happiness is a Sunday with freshly squeezed oj, hot black coffee and Bob Marley on the stereo. Happy Sunday, fellow humans 
@user I can\u2019t even try now cuz it closed at 10pm.. Funny though Maria said u guys may go away that week? I had asked if she wanted to go 
@user @user @user both the Heavyweight and Intercontinental Titles at the sametime as well so Seth Rollins isn't the 1st.... 
"Should Paul Dunne of IRL finish the Open in 8th alone or better, he'll move to #1 in the SPWAR.  Same for Niebrugge if 5th alone or better." 
"I am really missing Hockey on Sat Nights, really board with nothing on TV end this strike soon PLEASE NHL!!! #NHL" 
You may want to plan on getting a cup of coffee at Winans this Saturday! 
Best movie of the year next to Jurassic World 
June 7-8 Red Sox at Giants. Who's down to go and boo from the 3rd baseline? 
"Yanks crush Sox with 3 HRs, 8-run 2nd inning: Associated PressBoston Red Sox right fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. ... 
Fashion King seems nice after watching the 1st episode :) 
@user What makes me almost as angry as #legitimaterape is that I may vote for @user even though she supported PIPA. Lesser evil... 
Is Chris Evans turning into Alan Partridge? Brian May's introduction just needed an  A-Ha #BBCMusicAwards 
Relatives of the 200 Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram will hold a march &amp; candle-lit vigil to mark 500 days since the abductions 
@user @user an Erdogan hater wouldn't be an AKP voter in the 1st place. Especially when Erdogan is out of the party now. 
To JHB Bok fans go through to Orlando Stadium to watch the #Springboks train tomorrow from 3 - 4:30pm @user #BOKKE 
Awe @user is retiring. 1st pro tennis match I ever watched live was Andy vs Feliciano under the lights in Indian Wells! #goodtimes 
Sitting at home on a Saturday night doing absolutely nothing... Guess I\u2019ll just watch Greys Anatomy all night. #lonerproblems #greysanatomy 
"Gothic rock... I wonder if New Model Army ever thought about covering U2's hit ""Sunday Bloody Sunday""!" 
I just realized that I'm seeing Ed Sheeran in concert on Thursday. Yeah still don't believe it's that close @user 
"I'm pisseeedddd that I missed Kid Cudi's show in Dallas, it was trending worldwide that night, &all Im hearing is positive reviews of lolla" 
I'm not sure what Rahul Gandhi is trying to accomplish with all of this 
Living for Magic Mike XXL with @user tomorrow. 
Gay dominican man fucks pussy for the 1st time 
"With Daesh's warning, Israel senses that the relative calm may be ebbing - Jewish Chronicle 
New iPhones, iPad Pro, and Apple TV on the way today at 10 A.M. (PDT)! #AppleEvent 
We should start Ox on Saturday imo\u002c he will terrorise Evra just like he did last season. 
I could be going to digi tomorrow but I thought I was supposed to be seeing the girls but they cancelled lmao 
Like a good neighbor State Farm is there\u002c with an alarm clock that\u2019ll actually wake me up tomorrow. 
"Boko Haram member Mahamat Moustapha, a Nigerian, alleged to have been the mastermind of the June suicide attack in... 
Dana White says the Ronda Rousey and Holly Holm rematch will likely take place in July 
Take Welbeck being unable for the Euros with a pinch of salt. Pretty sure we'll see him in an Arsenal shirt come May. 
@user it's gonna be a lot of walking, running, and jumping on the tops of sticks.. may just want to get a gun and learn JiuJitsu" 
@user @user my memory  doesnt have more space. So i cant download it :( but i'll try to download it tomorrow from iPad 
"First sounds of Yea, Alabama this morning plus Nick Saban stops by to speak to the band! Very exciting morning! #MDB  
Obama's agenda was 2 destroy American Exceptionalism &amp; Kerry is just dumb. What language does Iran speak? We may need 2 learn it #tcot #ccot 
@user ouch! I know an old school, geek from Pembroke Pines. 1of the 1st "Batman" nerds in tech support. I wouldn't send a signal 4 him tho! 
@user All eyes on Apple today. Don't miss the #AppleEvent. Starting at 10am PDT. 
And also\u002c haven\u2019t been able to check and CBA updates since Sunday. If anyone hears any news\u002c please pass it along to me. Thanks! 
March 24 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase &amp; Cos chief executive for China investment banking Fang Fang has decided to leave the U 
Texas is the Walk-Off State tonight. Josh Hamilton just singled in winner in 9th vs Yankees. 
@user @user @user  Plus, it's Michelle Obama trying to pick what foods we can eat.  I may have read that wrong, though. 
"Appointment with Barracuda in Milan, from 1 to 4 September. [Pav. 3 Stand: G01/H02-H06 ] Don't miss the event! 
Was thrilled when a group of kayakers came done the Thomson on my way home from Prince George on Tuesday #Nikon #d810 
@user sure. Even Kendrick lost it towards the end of his Black Friday freestyle ( and this isn't me hating). 
Jason Aldean being on a Thursday makes me really not want to go 
@user Danny Elfman, as he is my favourite film score composer. I may also say @user if his work on the @user counts" 
@user No, just no. This is after the Charlie Hebdo massacre... In January.        
Tony Blair's taken control of the Tory party writes PETER HITCHENS: Tony Blair's Labour may have seemed 'moder... 
"** Good! Because from the looks of it, Barnes &amp; Noble will be selling ""Comes a Watchman"" for firewood in November ** 
"Man,I want to go fuxs with the homies @user @user @user tonite for MNF @ the #Horn but I can't:(" 
You\u2019re going to breath the same air as Song Joongki tomorrow @user grrrr 
Last friday was a blast. I really missed mamox coz shes the only one who understands me when it comes to kpop. (we even sang 2pm's go crazy) 
@user if you think Harry Potter is better ur not gunna survive as an adult lol honestly though when I went to Logan 3rd was the best 
"CNN/ORC Poll: Donald Trump takes the top slot in Iowa, Scott Walker falls to 3rd. Ben Carson in 2nd 
In the car on our way to Milton Keynes to see the Foo Fighters tomorrow. #foofighters #miltonkeynes 
Line of the day: "Rick Perry has the mental aptitude of two dogs in an overcoat" 
"Blood Moon: Blood Moons: Decoding the Imminent Heavenly Signs: """"The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon i 
@user Hey, just thought I'd remind you it's Deezer's birthday tomorrow! Also, you have any idea what he looks like?" 
"Cyber-squatter accuses Carly Fiorina of wishing she'd laid off 30,000 employees more quickly | PolitiFact 
Infoteckno: cloudbnb Fundamentals of Database Systems with Oracle 10g Programming: A Primer (6th Edition) - 
@user I LOVED the episode!!! Can;t wait until Hart of Dixie returns November 13th!! 
Will the PM stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people?: Rahul Gandhi 
@user I just rewatched the whole first season, for the 2nd time! This is blasphemy! In the words of U2 ""I feel numb"" #Hindsight" 
@user Oh yes\u002c never a dull moment!!  Looking forward to just Rafa & Bronte tomorrow!  Nice to be busy though! Hope boys ok! 
@user this may be the stupidest season of Big Brother yet.  Everyone can see what's going to happen! No one has balls! #makeamove 
so Shawn IS going to be on Kelly and Michael tomorrow 
Festival girl: I definitely want to see at least the end of Paul McCartney tonight! Her friend: OMG yes.  Paul played on Friday... 
The growth of gerontocracy: George Osborne's assault on the young. @user  
"George Benson and Chaka Khan Perform Live at the L.A. County Fair, Pomona Fairplex, Thu, Sep 13 @ 7:30pm, 50% OFF, 
Serena won, but big sister Venus gave her the flux! Congrats to both of them for giving us a great tennis match. 
@user Plus I may have hurt the feelings of Jurassic World's director! 
Come see us at the Scottsdale Home & Garden Show on Nov 3rd & 4th at Westworld of Scottsdale.  Be the FIRST to see the new holiday items! 
"Condolence to Lee Soo Man and all family, his wife may calm there. let us pray for the best for her ELF." 
Murray a set down and 3-0 down in the 2nd set and bookies are laying Murray at Evens? Ridiculous 
@user I honestly find it difficult to imagine a reader not knowing that Watchman was a 1st attempt with serious issues. 
I find it funny that this is the 5th year in a row that Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood have hosted the CMAs 
I was sat with my auntie who has seen Michael Jackson live &amp; I had to watch a shitty Bruno Mars tribute try to sing Billie Jean 
#News: Emmy winner and Golden Globe nominee Bradley Whitford will apper in the season 3 of #Shameless! Season 3 coming up in January 13! 
That Galaxy Note 5 looking like it could be future bae in November when I upgrade. 
@user @user @user that's why Pierrie and Zayn are so pale. They haven't been seeing the sun bc they've been so shady 
What up\u002c we bout to touch thuus Ainsworth on 26th between 6th & 7th for the Knicks/Heat game.  Who comin thru?!?! 
@user Come on Pires! Enjoy the show! Shout out to people in the U.K. and Ireland wouldn\u2019t go astray! It\u2019s almost 3 am on a sunday! 
"Kanye West, 4th member of the new day. Kan-ye sucks." 
@user idk who's in charge of the B/G float...but were floating this Friday. You ain't down... 
Absolute 90s just won Sunday by playing the Nirvana NTV Unplugged cover of The Man Who Sold The World. Helped my catastrophic hangover. 
so mad I have school this week... if I didn't I would be in NYC because Shawn has a show tomorrow and the jacks have one the day after 
@user *About an hour later, Thor emerged from his slumber fully energized.  He did not wish to wake Jane so he quietly sat on the+" 
Lol!! I forgot all about that Mariah Carey concert! And ps: he was waving at me!!!  
So June 9th is the day. This is gonna be worse the the Galaxy Foams 
Barca won the treble and had a transfer ban yet they signed two players. Arsenal came 3rd in the BPL and they didn't buy an outfield player 
Okay\u002c okay...Saturday OT just became worth it...someone came with Porto\u2019s cheese rolls! YUM! 
Donald Trump is speaking here tomorrow so a bunch of GW students are going to protest and I'm totally going who has sign/rhyme ideas 
"The Night Watchman's Journal.... Scholar Who Walks the Night... poor you sun, homin oppas do not like u.. they like night more" 
@user Wow!  Thank you for providing that link.  I nominate her to the 6th Rolling Stone.  Imagine her and Keef together. 
Jeb Bush pretending he's a co front runner but he's in 4th place and Carly Fioriana bragging how she's in 2nd place in 2 states. Losers. 
Looks like BJ\u2019s Skate Center is the place to be in St Joe on a friday night! 
I just spoke with my mom on the phone for 30 minutes. She finished the 4th season of Game of Thrones. Very exciting. 
Arian Foster / Arian Foster was limited in Thursday's practice with a groin #NFL #HOU 
One spare Runrig ticket for next Friday night at the barrowlands! Pm me for details @user 
I'm so excited to see the new iPhone release, even though it may be following a trend xD 
The most conclusive argument against the bleeding hearts and why logic doesn't hold for them in Yakub's hanging. 
"In the pines,in the pines,where the sun don't ever shine,I would shiver the whole night through.-where did you sleep last night - Nirvana" 
About last night: Kris Bryant wins a wild one with walk-off home run in the 9th. #Cubs photos: 
I told my dad I may vote for Bernie Sanders this election &amp; he's literally giving me the silent treatment LOL HEADASS #butthurtaf 
What would happen if you lost access to your Google Account tomorrow? - I actually don't know. hahahaha! 
Conor McGregor is the real deal. Stop ducking him Aldo you pussy. Today, I celebrate my half Irishness by getting pissed. Happy Sunday all! 
My suicide note would be the picture of Mark Martin that I kept in my wallet in 7th grade. 
OMG. Who wants to go see Duelo with me this Friday!? 
@user Man Utd are a bigger club than everyone besides Real and Barca. They may be at the top of their game by the time he peaks 
Spring pictures tomorrow = drama drama drama.... Can't wait til morning." 
@user #MBA #casestudy Namaste 2 #google and @user CEOs, but #Multiculturals mttr!May B the era of Bad Translations wd B Over? 
Family time then I'm going to fire up the stream! Either more SOMA or I may jump on the hype train and give Dark Souls a go! 930pm tonight! 
Rahul Gandhi talking about politics and policies is like studying for CAT from a 2nd grade teacher. @user  #FakeIntolerance 
Marriner's reffing the Chelsea game then? Be more cards than Clintons dished out Saturday! 
@user Bless ya I had a poster presentation yesterday. I like fancy dress too :) Coming out to newcastle pub crawl with us next Tues? 
"If a Genie gave me 3  wishes, my 1st would be to send all the rabid Jew-hating Zionist conspiracy kooks to ISIS wearing ""ISLAM SUCKS"" signs" 
Islam is on the march to convert all to their ideology! Wake up America! #RT #STOPIslam #TCOT #MakeDCListen #TeaParty 
"Sons of Anarchy is arguable the most under appreciated show. You may think you're not into \""motorcycle gangs~\"" but this show is perfect." 
@user @user It's the 2nd time. He blocked me from his 2nd temp account regarding Caitlyn Jenner. 
@user i thought Meteor Goliath was supposed to be available to everyone today (3rd of September 2015) i cant find it im on PS4 
May Allah bless Erdogan with wisdom and capacity to move forward.  
John Cena got screwed! 1st the ref got knocked out then John Stewart comes out with a chair. Disgrace! #TitleForTitle #Cenation #SummerSlam 
@user Na was 4-4 against sheff wed came from behind with only minutes to play\u002c Jordan Rhodes scored a hat trick 
"Five weeks of intense rehearsals almost complete! Last rehearsal day tomorrow before the JBSA cast travels to Singapore! \""Take a bow!!" 
Joe Biden on economy: 'Something is wrong': Vice President Joe Biden warned on Monday that "something is wrong" with the American eco... 
Milan's overthetop lipsynch was funny the 1st time but 2nd just seems like she's trying too hard #RuVealed #RuPaulsDragRace @user 
Go to tech school Mon-Wed nights from 5:30-9:20. Had Monday off for Labor Day this week, got out early at 7:30 tonight. #TheseAreGoodThings 
"Caitlyn Jenner may be charged with manslaughter: When you are involved in a motor vehicle accident, you suffer... 
Why in the world is Jeb Bush embracing Eric Cantor?: The answer may be simple: "Why not?" 
Get the scoop: July 19 is National Ice Cream Day | WATE 6 On Your Side - 
Does anybody in Pittsburgh want a ticket to see the Foo Fighters on Tuesday at 7? It pains me to miss the show but... 
@user in europe we celebrate mothers day on Mothering Sunday which is in Lent but the Americans wanted to be different...I think 
Fragrant Friday - Gucci Bamboo: Gucci has a new fragrance meant to show off the diverse sides of a Guc... #beauty 
@user in regards to the masses of refugees this is crazy. Also when Muslims may take Greece. Real world worst case scenarios are... 
Check out the Christmas trading times for the Eagle Farm Markets! Don't miss the Twilight Fresh Market on Wednesday! 
Anyone wanna go see #shedseven at Boro on 14th December?? 17.50 each. Let me know\u002c I really want to go. 
I will sleep in Zachary\u2019s truck until Wednesday\u002c but I\u2019ll be damned if my cellphone dies because the power is out. 
My background on my phone is this totally hot pic of Jennifer Aniston when she was like in the 3rd or 4th season of friends. 
What's a better way to end off the August long than David Price's 8IP 11k's?  SCRUFFY MURPHY'S TRIVIA TONIGHT 9pm ;)  Gonna be a great show 
-Tosses empty beer bottle through the sun roof of a parked Lexus and continues on my way- 
@user HAHAHA YES Donald I'm visiting trump tower this Sunday. I hope to see you!  Jeb Bush is a total joke as a candidate. 
Christmas in September! Apple's keynote on the upcoming iPhone is today at 10am Pacific! 
@user @user LOL - 1st off it'd be wah-zee. Israeli start up - dev in '08...sold to Google maps in '12 for $1.1Bil. #SoNotFair 
Nintendo may consider removing region locking with next console - Game Politics #io9.com 
Edgar Davids (39) made a successful return after a 2-year absence by leading Barnet to its 1st league win of the season: 4-0 vs Northampton. 
"\""""Obma fails 2unite us\u002c he divides us by sex\u002c color\u002cparty\u002cage\u002c wealth Nevada\u2019s 1st Latino governor votes early for Romney\u002c predicts GOP win\""""" 
NIKE EMPLOYEE'S: If anyone want to work tomorrow at 5am call!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Samsung's Galaxy Note 5 should be an evolutionary upgrade:   Still wondering what Samsung is going to unveil at its August 13th event... 
"Microsoft wasted my whole day today... But now I'm on Win 7 SP1 v69sq with rockets on it. MAKE IT SIMPLE MICROSOFT!  Also, I'm buying a Mac." 
@user @user Are the big HST sets innocent, going to be on an XC one saturday" 
It's #Wishlist Wednesday! Amazon Prime Day is in full force and CNET is keeping an updated list of the best deals. 
@user The first and the Last crap on this planet right is you Seth Rollins and on Sunday WWE Universe will get rid of this ""CRAP""." 
@user hey I bought David price for the update tomorrow. do you think he will go to diamond? 
@user Happy 4th Monthsary SlaNiesse!! ;) Wishing you guys more more months and years together. Stay strong for Slater and Deniesse! ;) 
@user Mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom. Bigger issue is pepper-spraying people who want to march on Republic Day 
I took this on Saturday night at the Nekromantix gig in Sydney #nekroman #lux #Nekromantix #psychobilly 
One last Sunday night without Game of Thrones... Thank the Gods. 
I can\u2019t forgive Farrackhan for the Malcolm X thing. And ninjas ain\u2019t done sht since the million ninjas march...name one thing.where the$ 
"On Thursday, concealed-carry gun license holders will be given a new right in the state of Oklahoma: the ability... 
Taking pops to go see Straight out of Compton tomorrow. Knowing his favorite rapper till this day is Ice Cube. 
ANY black american that supports what Israel is doing to the palestinian people may as well go take a big old shit on MLKs grave 
@user may even join you at Joseph wright 
10/17 is today right? Yall know that means it's my boy Liam's 2nd birthday. Gotta blast the Bricksquad music for young BRICKSQUAD. 
watched 2 minutes of TFI Friday last night. an utter embarrassment. was cringing so hard. chris evans - gie it up 
@user C'mon Huck!  Gay marriage is legal nationwide, if she doesn't want to give them certificates she needs a new job." 
@user @user @user you know what? Vampire Diaries starts in Germany on monday! I can't wait! 
"RT @user Hello there, I here that the stinking working class,were rioting in London last night, do you see why I'm in Italy, blo ..." 
"Daily Mobile News: LG may update the Optimus 2X to ICS after all, releases source code #smartphone" 
It'll be a special night Saturday in MetLife if Victor Cruz indeed does takes the field.. 
@user #Jets get Big Ben off the field on 3rd down I\u2019m convinced we win. Everything changes. I\u2019m depressed now @user @user 
tom brady supports Donald trump. Therefore he's gonna throw 4 pics and pull his hamstring on Thursday night. 
They're showing the Motown 25th on PBS. Michael Jackson at the height of his fame. Mind blowing moves. #MoonwalkDebut 
Chris Evans just said excactly what I was thinking about Saturday Kitchen 'I don't care about this show anymore' 
"Game stretched over 2hrs,Murray breaks for the 1st time in the 3rd set,6-5,to serve for match point.....#USOpenWorld" 
Lino and I literally sat at IHOP for three hours and had deep conversations about life 
got science PSSA's tomorrow. what's the point of retaking them when i did all the study island remediation already? school sucks man. 
Jay-Z may bail out of Tidal investment: Jay-Z has significantly funded the ambitious streaming platform, howev... 
"If you're collecting your GCSE results tomorrow and tou watch anime, there's a new episode of Naruto out tomorrow x" 
Monday before I leave Singapore\u002c I am going to post something that might be offensive. 
@user There was never any doubt about Yakub's involvement. What is moot is whether he had a deal. 'Black Friday' says he didn't. 
Chelsea score their 4th of the good flowing move. AFCB make all 3 subs #afcbcst 
Rock legend Neil Young rightly attacking evil Monsanto @user @user So now he's banned from the BBC 
May be the only person around here who really doesn't like bdubs or Eric church. 
"Spent the morning Xmas fabric shopping, may have taken a detour via @user Xmas shop shhh x 
WSJ: Microsoft testing homegrown handset designs with suppliers\u002c may not see mass pro:   Until very recently\u002c Mi... 
Scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause I gotta work out and leave for a game. 
"Watching @user make Josh Hamilton whiff is a wonderful, wonderful thing. C'mon @user 
I missed the Barcelona game yesterday. 
David Price should not have been pitching in the 8th. They can't get a 6-outs from the bullpen? Yankees - Jays 
"Crazy asian Driver with the Need for Speed can't wait November 5 Official E3 Trailer PC, PS4, Xbox One via @user 
Nothing to do with importing Muslims &amp; Mexicans or dumbing down kids by liberals. Move on.  
Please. Rousey will make Cyborg her bitch. Too bad Cyborg loves the juice. 
Sam smith tomorrow with my little sister sure why not. LOL 
Roger Goodell do your job. Tom Brady is suspended 1st 4 games. Patriots forfeit any of those games he plays. #thatisall #bermanhasnopower 
WWE are distancing themselves from Hulk Hogan like a guy who's Instagram crush just posted a picture of her boyfriend on a Monday. 
So Magic Mike with @user was super great. Tomorrow I'm going to see Mission Impossible, but all I wanna do is watch Magic Mike XXL. 
This is a Christian website and it says Ash Wednesday. For CATHOLICS those who celebrate these days arent Christians lol you Roman Catholic 
Can you all send Get well soon messages to Tressa she is the co-owner and she broke her leg and tomorrow is her Birthday 
@user @user nah m8 always start at the beginning and see the evolution madonna's 2nd and 3rd albums are perf) 
Also since I'm watching Aaron Samuels on dancing w/ the stars I'm just disappointed that I didn't give October 3rd proper justice #MeanGirls 
They just called me gotta go pick them Gucci foams up tomorrow 
@user on Comedy Central tonight @ 9...I'm a Grown Little Man and Seriously Funny...I'll be glued to the tv 
Caitlyn Jenner is accused of manslaughter in a crash during the Bruce era. Police may call it off after trouble locating a Bruce Jenner. 
Boutta wear all @user gear to the Redskins game this Sunday 
Tryna make tomorrow much better 
Rumours about Arsenal's January transfer targets are already being circulated by the 'news' media. A week off from transfers would be nice. 
Anyone know where I can watch the Floyd Mayweather vs Andre Berto fight Saturday in San Marcos? #TXST 
I want this day to end fast bc Nash is posting his video with Skylynn tomorrow IM SO EXCITED @user 
Asif I just got sacked by Everton for coming 6th reaching FA cup final and winning the Europa league #Mad 
@user 1 & half eps. 1st was proper debate. Next ep did my best Keith Richards impression with the TV. Neighbours gave 10\u2019s for distance 
@user Friday\u2019s the main day!!!! Knicks vs Heat 
"You've just flushed your life down the toilet, Taker. This Sunday, Brock Lesnar will fucking kill you!" 
#DailyDouble reminder! Liam's on a Friday night double @ 11/4. Get it here &gt;&gt;&gt;http://t.co/puba8PjJbn 
RT @user #rungeordierun Should be given a HEROS welcome at the Arsenal game on Saturday.@nufcfans @user 
@user """"and I waslike OMIGOD! FIRE! And then I waslike OMIGOD? You know? FIRE? And I was likeAH MAY ZING you know..hang on? texting""""" 
Be on the lookout for LMD's table and banner at the Comcast Center this Friday for the Terps exhibition game! #LMD 
Kanye West sent Taylor Swift flowers. That must be his 1st political move.. Taylor can really help him with her squad. :'D #KanTay2020 
Just tried to mix Nirvana with bass music and it sounded so bad I may have to retire. 
Foxtel is arguing for media reform because Netflix could buy the rights to the Melbourne Cup...seriously 
"RT @user Nicki Minaj - Pink Friday, up 15 places, to #16 on the Official UK Top 40 :) 
This girl said The Challenge has been filled on 21 CONTINENTS. Clearly you don\u2019t have to pass the 5th grade to be on the Real World. 
"SBS K-Pop Super Concert on Nov 10th in the United States, with SNSD, 2NE1, T-ara, BEAST, CNBLUE, KARA, SISTAR cr tiarafact" 
"GLEN HODDLE: Harry Kane's impact Friday was extraordinary. It was great to see Kane, the leading Premier League scorer, come on and score" 
omg jonghyun is following his hyung by giving me 2nd hand embarrassment feels. XD what are you cnblue dorks. 
I'M SO SERIOUS. January is 5 months away so I thought everyone was talking about Zayn's birthday. 
"We're off to bed - tomorrow, hopefully, gay academics will take over the world! ;-) Night! #snoozetime" 
#NBA The Brooklyn Nets opener vs. the New York Knicks is postponed. It was originally scheduled for Thursday evening. 
Did you know that 'David Cameron' was Trending Topic on Thursday 3 for 7 hours in Sheffield? #trndnl 
Looking forward to facing Ms. Allysin Kay this Saturday in Petrolia!!  come check it out! 
I know I'm an asshole for what I'm about to say but I truly feel this way. I HOPE TOM BRADY HAS A SEASON ENDING INURY WITHIN THE 1ST 4 GAMES 
Grand opening tomorrow. Come out to Vans at Town Center and visit me and check it out! 
Hurry up Minneapolis Janet Jackson unbreakable tour tickets just a few left hurry up . MINNEAPOLIS November first 
"Late on Monday, the Obama administration filed a so-called statement of interest at the court in support of Planned Parenthood. " 
"#Broncos CB Champ Bailey didn't practice Wednesday. Not injured, was given a """"veteran day'' by the team." 
White Collar returns with new episodes in January...happy camper tweet. 
"Nicki is always feuding with somebody. Lil Kim, Mariah Carey, Iggy Azalea, Taylor Swift, now Miley Cyrus... I like her but c'mon" 
@user   Carly Fiorina slams Trump for going into GOP field at request of Bill Clinton as GOP candidates debate.  
As long as I get Dunkin tomorrow morning I should be good for the school day 
"Just gonna say it: The lyrics in ""Bad Blood"" sound like they were written by a 7th grader. ""Done"" doesn't have two syllables, Taylor." 
Simmons ranking the Celtics 27th makes sense if you assume they'll trade Rondo (which he does). 
"Who is going to Ed Sheeran concert tomorrow in Frisco, Texas?????? I'M SO EXCITED!" 
"Having so much doing linear algebra this Friday night #not #bored #yawn #math #mathhomework #linearlagebra 
@user What time are you going to be back in the \u2019hood\u2019 on Thurs? And also did you purchase Justified? 
That's a wrap for the weekend! Mika and Chris Brown finish in P6 (2nd in class) in the @user Intermarque Championship 
@user U have only issue with Hindu festival, why u don't speak about EID celebration , xmas &amp; every Friday when lac gather 1/n" 
@user Brand? I\u2019m waiting for a Ticketek voucher to come through. If it\u2019s not here by Tuesday though I\u2019ll just pay full price. 
Happy Birthday to the only important birthday July 22..  Prince George. 
@user yeh looked sick\u002c ahhh that\u2019s probably a no :( wont\u2019t get back from Soundwave fest in Croatia til the 25th! 
Wth am i supposed to do with my Thursday night with no Grey\u2019s nor Scandal?! 
Chris Brown is me when me and my girl on good terms and that dude in blue in the back is when we're not  
Off to Scotland today for the week so I'll miss the wankfest at Wembley. Utd 2-1. 
@user and if you feel Lawful and that you are full enough. May Allah guide you aright and so He knows Islam has no beginning and no End. 
"Since my mom bought me my WWA ticket, I have to get her really good Christmas and birthday gifts this December. It needs to be the best" 
Whoever is sat next to me tomorrow beware. If we score you may get raped like when Tim Howard scored. 
@user can you please make Big Brother available at its normal time next Thursday (online or on another channel)?  Thank you. 
Strangely\u002c National Margarita day is Feb 22nd. Think we\u2019ll celebrate tomorrow anyway. Happy #CincoDeMayo! 
"Not sure if I want to go to Eng v Holland game on wed, only got tickets coz of Arsenal players, might not feature now :-(" 
I have the next three Wednesday's off and don't have anyone to spend them with now I'm in Donny! Move up here @user 
Tomorrow I am going to enjoy every second from the concert because I really have no idea when I am seeing The Vamps again 
Kim Kardashian on the cover of Rolling Stone? It's the death of rock'n'roll ... - The Guardian 
Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh meets with Chelsea's Victor Moses in London 
frank ocean's new album is set to be released on september 4th. you're welcome 
@user 2nd half couldn't cope. they kept coming at us, Shalke crossed, Vermalen turned it in..we were playing so well till just b4 HT" 
@user It may not b a matter of courage but the comparison does not apply the US is MUCH more diverse in all manners compared 2 Iran 
"Colts defense should dominate the Bengals, and likewise offensively. Excited for Sunday! #ColtsNation #NFL 
This very well may be the first season of Big Brother ever that I don't finish. And I've watched since season one #bb17 
I\u2019m going to Keller Williams at Neighborhood Theatre in Charlotte\u002c NC - Dec 28 
good stream tonight will be back with more Mad Max tomorrow.....I want a PS4 so I can play Until Dawn fackkkk  see you tomorrow! 
My God if they say another word about how 'disgraceful' gay marriage is they may just get a slap round the face 
and they don't care about the finer points that may get in way of their tirades. Reactions to that Charlie Hebdo thing were esp instructive 
@user like tomorrow, I'm going to get more ink my self, and probably go see Ben sollee play! Ha good day!" 
"Amnesty for IRA murderers, some with dubious pasts are in govt in NI, free from prosecution, but today ex-para is arrested re: Bloody Sunday" 
Sat next to a black guy on a train\u002c when Niggas In Paris came on... Had to turn it up ! 
Thank you God for allowing another episode of Law &amp; Order to be put on Netflix. Tomorrow night will be nothing but pancakes, puppy &amp; SVU 
I bought an ecig through the sun paper yet not allowed to use it while watching football at Newcastle Utd 
CONFERENCE: last day for early bird regs for ARPS 2012 Radiation Safety: Bridging the Gap Sydney 14-17 Oct 
Me prepared for the Fancy Dress Ballroom Party this Sunday, wearing this MASK of BATMAN today to see how much it... 
may Allah curse  these Muslims drag queen in the same way. That Allah punished the people of Lut Ameen 
Kpop idols: work hard. Stay in school Kpop idols: oh hi we're having a concert btw it's on Tuesday at like 2pm during school. 
"may she rest in peace, stay strong kakek Lee Soo Man" 
*6th grader voice* Go to Google and look up meatspin but make sure ur mom isn't looking 
"With that being said, the White Sox are only 6.5 games back of the 2nd WC spot. #AnythingIsPossibleIGuess" 
Saudi voters elect 20 women candidates for the 1st time: Two women were elected in Saudi Arabia's most conserv... 
@user <U>Wake Up Fox, not going there>W Bush years, Dennis Kucinich speaks @ DNC on Aug. 26, '08 WAKE UP AMERICA  
"#DigitalNirvana is having a robot to complete all pending household work, so that I may tweet longer @user Digital Nirvana with Croma" 
Go Chicago bulls beat the calivlers this Monday 
If Amazon Prime Day is "better than Black Friday" then I'm going to sleep in!  Should have been called Amazon Garage Sale Day! 
Is anyone else reading that Zayn may be performing at the VMAs with The Weeknd? I'm not emotionally ready for that. 
Eid is incomplete without these people. 1st day of Eid at Darul Sukun. #Blessings #Love #Care 
Floyd Mayweather has got to be the most disrespectful athlete. Ali is 5th on your list? Your pathetic. #disrespect #aliisthegoat 
So if the Premiership is called off on Saturday who is for Inbetweeners? 
"Ooh Operation Raccoon City is 19.99, I may pick that game up, if I have the strength to..man I gotta sleep earlier." 
"Kanye said it best -> \""  1st they HATE you\u002c  Then they LOVE you\u002c  Then they HATE you again\""" 
Im in the mood to watch Next Friday but Netflix don't have it. Let me check on Amazon Prime 
@user okay I'll admit PC may be better but PS4 is just my preference and always will be. I just like console lol. 
Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charge in Malibu Crash I read it on @user #video: 
I hate to do this but the next 3 games us Yankee fans have to root for the Red Sox to help the Yankees get back in 1st place. 
PUMPED to open the season tomorrow night against Georgetown!  Women\u2019s Preview: | Men\u2019s Preview: 
Dear Devon Alexander\u002c how does it feel to be the 1st person EVER to be booed at The Barclays Center? #Brooklyn 
Blackpool Illuminations run now up till 4th November. But who remembers the illuminations closer to home ? We... 
Wondering About Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment? Wonder No More. Trump has supported gun control. #Carly4President 
I thought this may have been entertaining after nicki's moment but it's actually very painful 
#Iran US delisting MKO from global terrorists list in line with Iran campaign: Tehran\u002c Oct 30\u002c IRNA -- Secretary... 
Lovely- just received our complementary tickets to @user game @user v @user tomorrow.. Hoping for some goals.We go 0-3 Chelsea 
Mama Jan hes been there since Common Denominator\u002c she can\u2019t leave. A little peiece of Kidrauhl will be gone </3 
Shouts out to the atheists who - every Sunday - rant about Christians suddenly loving God on Sundays. 
I've never ever won a radio contest before &amp; Shawn never does them when he's in California so seeing him tomorrow makes me so happy 
Valentine day has been cancelled..what? Why? how? you may be asking. But you see it\u2019s simple math.. 14-2-12 =0 
Anyone interested in seeing Kenny Chester and Jason Aldean August 29th hmu my cousin has tickets she can't use 
Zayn reminds me of Rih. This may be blasphemous to say but I feel like he's about to be a male version of her which is good 
"2 THINGS: Gandhi was racist, and it's friday" 
Do I go to the Colombia game on Wednesday to see James Rodriguez.... #nah #fuckzuniga 
just bought tickets with sam to see a nirvana tribute band in november and i am so fucking excited 
@user @user @user when Neb comes down here tomorrow I'm gonna knock the sled of his head then beat the fuck outta him with it 
Just ordered your Amanda Knox book RT @user Looks like judgment day is Oct 3 or 4. #amandaknox 
The beauty of SUN News! SUN TV bagging IPL contract is a breaking news on #NDTV while SUN News is busy talking about Jayalalithaa! #TN 
I saw Cowboys and Aliens... OHMYGAWD it was so stupid. Tomorrow i'm seeing The Help which i hope is better. 
LG Spectrum Ice Cream Sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow:  Starting tomorrow owners of the LG Spectr... #apps 
Sat watching the sun set with a large glass of wine and a pack of marlies listening to fleetwood mac, DOES LIFE GET BETTER?? no, it does not 
"If Nicki didn't have her ass, she'd be shorter when she sat down." 
Kristin Chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual Hero Dog Awards 
The most unheralded competitive international of all time? MT @user England-San Marino in the Thursday night Europa League slot 
Finally watching Twilight for the 1st time. Now I can see why I avoided it #socringeworthy #awkwardacting :S 
Performing with black artist doesn't take away the fact that Nicki gave you a 3rd degree burn with her tea hunty.  
"Happy Halloween, Juniors! Be sure to STAY ON CAMPUS today! Help us gain class points, as we are currently tied with seniors for 2nd!" 
Buses in the White Hart Lane & High Road N17 area may be subject to diversion & delays due to Tottenham Hotspur match 
Tony Blair is right: Without the Iraq war there would be no Islamic State! #UniteBlue 
Cliff Avril says he\u2019s feeling fine following the bye. Said he thought he would have played had the Lions had a game Sun. 
"Tv channels,having""know all' anchors,could not make enough programs to fill 3days of Eid.They kept repeating 1st day programs. What a shame." 
NEWS: Kerry says US may set up refugee camp structures to help with Syria crisis 
"Love or hate, Ryan Braun is playing some fantastic baseball as of late. @user may be out of it, but it's not because of him. #justsaying" 
@user Ah woops that\u2019s my bad they play the Knicks tomorrow 
@user Guti's catch at the wall in May against the Yankees at Safeco and Trayvon's catch are the leaders in the clubhouse. 
Orientation may be coming to an end, but the semester is only beginning! Start it off with Jurassic World at 9pm! 
Finally broke down and got Amazon Prime and the delivery on my 1st purchase as a member is late. @user I was expecting better. 
lol James Franklin is going to fly in a helicopter to my high school tomorrow 
Getting @user transcript and shot. Tomorrow accuplacer and group advising. Turning in fafsa tonight. Making moves before NY. Love you 
"#noagenda Russian NGOs to lose American funding as USAID closes. (Euronews video): In July, the Russian par... #itm" 
@user son...I left them so open. I got em hot and said \u2019u can hear the rest of that poem on Nov 11th at Santos Party house\u2019 lmao 
@user Tomorrow is Directioners Day! I'm dressing up as you!! Please follow me! It would mean the world to me! I love you and 1D!! 
"Kendrick Lamar - alright doesn't even compete with future - March madness , so let's not even go there" 
@user Rousey may not be afraid of her now, but she was DEFINITELY afraid of her in Strikeforce," 
goodnight I know it's super early and I'm missing Shawn's performance but I have a huge test tomorrow and I need sleep ok Shawn loves you 
Yeah if Iran take some hostages he's a lock... SMH 
"In case you're having a bad day, Eid break starts from next Thursday!" 
Amazon may be cooking up a $50 tablet The Internet giant is reportedly working on new Fire tablets for the... 
Yo, if you paid $57-$77 to go see Eric Church at the State Fair...may the Lord have mercy on your souls. 
My Pain may be the reason for somebody\u2019s laugh. But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody\u2019s pain - Charlie Ch 
Inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in Ireland on the 19th of August. I have never wanted to see a movie so bad!! #shouldbegood ;) 
SS but they have really good music and it\u2019s a very sad thing that Mitch Lucker died may he rest in peace #RIPMitchLucker 
"I want to get my stack copy of rolling stone signed on Sunday, will I be allowed?" 
"NYC baseball fans upgrade hot dogs to avodogs: In celebration of National Hot Dog Day on July 23, the Peruvian... 
@user I\u2019m still shaking my head at that decision and that the Heat & Knick are actually playing tomorrow at MSG. 
@user how many do you need? I have to get them from mrs murray and we can meet sometime friday 
Saying something DBZ related that may seem extraordinary fucks niggas up like it does Naruto. No I love that series man 
The Sun calls reactions to the Caitlyn Jenner costume a 'fan meltdown': [Paywall] 
"Kim Kardashian's Butt Gets Its Own Emoji: When Kim Kardashian launched her new emoji app Monday, the reality s... 
"7th consecutive win, shutout the Yankees, David Price's second win as a Jay, 2.5 games behind for 1st place in AL East. #LETSGOBLUEJAYS" 
Very disappointed to learn that the Great Yorkshire Show has been cancelled @user . Had planned to go tomorrow. 
Throwback Thursday to when I did a powerpoint in journalism on Zayn and presented it to the class 
1D have a surprise for Aussie Directioners with whispers they may return to the Australian Xfactor! (via @user 
"\""@rwh4vt: We look like UVA. There I said it.\"" So sad but so very true.. November 24th is going to be a circus" 
U2. Dublin. November. Who's going ? #me 
I\u2019m ready to defend the 3 stars & a sun! Happy birthday sir Francis M!  
Lets kill David Price tomorrow like we always do and maybe you all will calm the fuck down #Yankees 
Please remember that the deadline for the 1st Quarter Box Tops for Education and our Trash for Cash fundraiser is... 
Winner of the Apple Watch will be chosen @ 5pm at Pompton Day tomorrow! Get your chance to win for only $2! 
Biggest problem with UFC is that Dana White seems to feed sheep to lions for ticket sales. It's not exactly fixed but it may as well be. 
If I celebrate it wrong will Thor beat me with his hammer? 
Got the one direction perfume last night and getting the justin Bieber one tomorrow I'm a happy girl :))) 
"As a huge John Cena fan, him beating Seth Rollins to win his 16th World Heavyweight Championship is just wrong. @user reconsider." 
@user ktorg 3rd year da start clinical years. Half a year kt India lagi 2 tahun stgh kt Melaka. What about u? 
"Paul Dunne (A) did an amazing job in today's Open. Well done @user and good luck for tomorrow. We know you are Irish - now, @user 
really sucks that if I didn't have school tomorrow I would've been able to see shawn tonight 
can you please follow me???? Are You gonna be at Justin Biebers concert on November 28th at Madison Square Garden??? #Paradise 
"Zayn dedicated his 1st solo award to the boys &amp; the boys' to Zayn :"")  #5monthswithoutzayn #MTVHottest One Direction 
If the world ends in December\u002c I\u2019mma find Justin Beiber and castrate him before I die. 
@user hi! Idk if I tweeted you before but It may have deleted. I was just wondering if you could please help me with Niall's follow? 
After Mrs O\u002c Castro\u002c Fluke & now Clinton\u002c I am so proud of the party that I believe in & will vote for in Nov. tomorrow night is just icing 
So we still just gonna ignore the fact that frank ocean hasn't dropped his album and it's August 23 lmao ? 
"Oil Price Not Done Crashing, Saudi Arabia May Be Broke In 5 Years: Reports  Cc: @user  What do you think of this?" 
@user I am in salt lake training at the moment. going good! si claro papi we will Skype tomorrow! miss you no homo 
@user have no one to blame in the home opener loss - to the Pacers - Except themselves. Lots of bad shots in the 4th! #Toronto #Raptors 
"We are going to take 1st place, keep voting!! #MTVStars Lady Gaga 
"With Frank Gifford's passing, you REALLY should track down &amp; watch ""Monday Night Mayhem."" Incredibly entertaining TV movie about MNF history" 
@user the falcons need to cut out late night college tweets and go to bed on Sat nights 
#hamont Council of Can chair Maude Barlow hits road to speak on protecting the Great Lakes; 8-city tour will see her in Ham May 16 
Quite a gift with words that @user especially in today's live blog feat. former UK PM Tony Blair: 
It's Monday. I'm wearing a Nirvana t-shirt. I didn't want to be here. Clearly 
looks like I'm done with Kpop guys 
Going to the GRAMMYS First entertainment law breakfast here in NYC tomorrow! I\u2019m so excited. One step closer... 
@user o_O Well, (un)fortunately, you'll prob need at least one of those if you come to London in late Oct.!" 
It would be religiously inaccurate he may have acted according to ideals in Islam but he was most definitely Jewish 
(Assuming Barca are the best team in the world) Who is the 2nd best in your opinion? 
@user you are right,  Yakub's mourners may be the supporters of terrorism,  they should be under scaner." 
"I don't get too riled up, because Nicki may be dancing with Miley onstage at the next awards show. #VMAs" 
Zayn may have left the band but i will still support him no matter what cs hes still the 1D zayn i love and i always will 
@user @user may have always been ""Israel"" but no reason Zionists had to kill for it." 
Wait it\u2019s Friday on the east coast why isn\u2019t little things on iTunes 
RT @user I just talked to Melissa McCarthy. So happy she won last night. She called to offer me a role in Bridesmaids 2. 
"I'm going to a Red Sox game tomorrow and Monday, why am I sad right now?" 
@user You think he gets sent down when David Wright comes back tomorrow? 
Super Sunday Football indeed! Love the Merseyside Derby! 
It's September 1st and this is what the White Sox are. It's sad to think about. 
The 2nd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution orignally included the right of Chuck Norris to Roundhouse Kick. 
"Good morning, start this Thursday with #WPop130815: Naughty Boy feat Sam Smith - La La La ; 
Hello, BTLs.  Every single one of you consumes BBC content even indirectly.  Stop whining. 
@user I heard 2chajnz and Wayne is making one and if Kendrick and Cole's drops in Feb. it'll be game over 
@user i could stop by dunkin tomorrow, want anything" 
@user 'cause Lovatics r more... Lovatics may not be registered in twitter, it's normal" 
Kanye West is insane. He also may be a complete genius. But I still don't want him to be president. #VMAs #fb 
"Good luck to my cousin on HSPA tomorrow, praying for you Mary. I know you can do it!!!!! @user 
@user the kanye in israel tweet may have been the worst tweet i've ever read in my life 
Born in July with the same life path as Mick Jagger. 
Love this song! One of my favorites for sure. Can\u2019t wait to see you tomorrow at The Roxy! (@YouTube 
There are many more Catholics who DO NOT agree with Mourdock than Gingrich or others may think. 
@user you were asking about PS4 deals. Here's some! 
@user @user want to introduce you 2: you do similar brilliant work.@cctheatreco planning March of Dead Women to Parliament 
@user @user you can\u2019t be serious you\u2019re acting as if Parker just sat down for those rings. Parker makes the spurs what they r 
Kids Yoga 4-9 starts Sunday sept 13th at 10am.  Breath work will be part of the curriculum discover how Yoga can... 
Sun 12/06:  Thor the Elf hanging out on our TV this morning. #ThortheElf2015 
RT @user Wilshere didn't play for Arsenal on Saturday and most papers report he's 'doubtful' for Newcastle. Why would there be  ... 
@user I learned on Friday that my Bacon number is 4! So I have to work in the Erdos and Sabbath numbers next. Or Iron Maiden # instead? 
holy shit holy shit holy shit just found out I'm gonna see Paul McCartney tomorrow!!!!!!!!! 
"Brian Kelly is angry, finds a way to pull QBs head out of his hind end &amp; the #Irish march 88yds for 7" 
Briana going to Memphis tomorrow w/ bro ham which means I'm leaving too brooklyn Lml I refuse to stay in boring as jersey by myself 
My PS3 is finally here and Netflix has returned, may the procrastination begin 
A whole day of Maths\u002c I have to endure this on monday:( #killmenow 
Imma need Brook Lopez to get more aggressive on the boards. 7 feet tall\u002c c\u2019mon son 
Interested to see what kind of ratings the U.S. Open final gets on Saturday with Serena presumably going for history up against CFB. 
Ghost Rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st\u002c my mom Ash are looking at it and I told them the same haha. 
"1st pic of Ed Sheeran 4 the new tv show The Bastard Executioner"" kicks off Sept 15th on FX 
The 2nd instructor had the audacity to play Prince Delirious for one of the songs. I never thought of Prince and Zumba together but it works 
If it's not a "Larry-sized problem," then why did he pour so much money and resources into Google+?  
Nothin like a sunday morning sesh with ben e. king\u002c aretha franklin\u002c and etta james #trynnaturnthisdayaround @user @user 
The CIT fighters they make me proud @user  @user  @user  tomorrow night is the night!!!! 
Slow Economic Gains in 3rd Quarter: ABJ - October 26 - Some reason for optimism surfaced during the third-quarte... 
"Believe me, benefit culture is the least of my valid issues with Muslims in Britain. 
Omw to work bumping this 90's Mariah Carey. Bet NOT nobody fukc up my day. I gotta short fuse so this feeling may... 
Kanye West may in fact be the biggest douche bag in the history of the universe 
Dustin Johnson hasn't recovered since Saturday at the Open Championship. Absolute head case right now 
@user if you're interested... Mansbridge's Harper interview. Justin tomorrow, Mulcair Wednesday. 
Dammn yung Tracy McGrady goin to play in China really wish injuries didnt slow him down was one the best in the @user my 2nd favorite player 
American Dustin Johnson leads the PGA Championship after the 1st round at Whistling Straits on 6 under par. 
"Leo eyes record, Barca seek boost: In the week that he marked the 10th anniversary of his competitive... #femnath" 
Dunkin may be discontinuing the iced apple cider for fall and the basic bitch in me is crying.... 
"I'm going to Threshold at Celebr8.2 Festival in Kingston Upon Thames, United Kingdom - May 11 
If I just got a justin Bieber cd tomorrow id be happy. 
Hidind the scars from all the kids at the OGT's tomorrow will be hard.. *sigh* :'( 
yo don't ever say that! god forbid! may it not happen! Zayn is cool...don't even try to compare them...i love zaynnn 
@user going to Florida with the fam, I'ma be back Tuesday tho. don't trash the room up too much! lol." 
Saturday kitchen the moment Chris Evans ruins chef  Jason athertons wife's birthday treat live@TheLadBible  
Pretty Little Liars isn\u2019t back on till January. What am I supposed to do with my Tuesday nights until then? 
Pose of TRIUMPH!! Jogged over the Brooklyn Bridge with my mom and sis @user this morning. I'm SO lucky.    
if you don\u2019t know who Kidrauhl is you may as well no speak to me ever again. 
it's now September 6th and I'm still waiting on frank ocean. where u at tho 
"Tomorrow, July 19, is National Ice Cream Day! Here are some of the specials you'll find around the country:  My... 
"So asad isn't enough for kill muslim that's way @user u invite USA to kill Muslims, may Allah punish you how much u deserve." 
"Me after listening to ""Black Friday"" by Kendrick for the first time 
Emme\u2019s 10th birthday cake :) with Big Time Rush! via @user 
York football staff member has leaked that York's goal is to score 100 points against us and leave in 1st string for the whole game #True 
"So the 18th will the best weekend, Jason Aldean and @user @user @user @user #BGBOUND" 
@user ya neither can Chuck Norris but they can both kick ass like there's no tomorrow, plus she's hot!" 
Well at least my Steelers didn't play tonight 
@user what you mean? You mean Jonghyun and Lee Joon are sharing 1st place?!? 
Have a top Wednesday! #Album4Work Kaya - Bob Marley &amp; the Wailers  
If I'm Dustin Johnson I wouldn't care about my Sunday meltdowns going home to Paulina. #sheesh 
Watch out Chris Brown! Karrueche Tran may have a new love interest. Find out who we hear she's been getting close... 
Kiryu to Release 9th Single This Christmas Visual Kei band Kiryu surprise their fans with great news! The band... 
"Beer, xbox, Undertaker: The Streak DVD. Fuck you Saturday night." 
David Bowie - Blackstar ... Get your Saturday morning freak on with this new 10 minute video from Mr Bowie  
Those of you with iOS devices, ask Siri to "give you a hint" about tomorrow's Apple keynote. 
@user we don't even have naruto tomorrow just khr, bleach, and op. the negatives outweigh the positives." 
envy everyone going to the Big Bang shows tomorrow and Saturday. ;_; 
@user @user @user  May God continue the bless and protect Netanyahu and all of Israel. 
This may sound sad but I've gotten so used to not having David Wright play w/the #nymets that im ok if he doesn't return. 
@user if your answer to the first question is Prince George then I do believe it is today his birthday not tomorrow 
Sarah G. Day on its 4th day! Wow! Eksaherada sa pag-trending!!! @user #GGV #vicepogi 
Costa Concordia accident: Ship\u2019s owners say the captain may have committed errors   - Breaking News Buzz 
@user and don't get me going on Scott Walker, he raided 250 million to give The Miwaukee Bucks  
"I'm so hiao , I repeat the 5th time for the Jonghyun's solo, yeaaa, I love the useless shirt compared to shirtless, but same whattt xD" 
Planned parenthood, Joseph Mengele, and Adolf Hitler salute you. You've done well for the 3rd Reich. 
Who going with me to Knott's Saturday? 
Nightttt!! Wish me luck for school tomorrow and I'll show you my Shawn and 5sos shirt when I'm back 
What agitates me is the dumb things Oracle does. Change behavior of program but don't change error checking. #FAIL 
Justin Bieber in Anguilla. (December 28) (JUSTIN and Hailey just friends. our Justin alone) 
S/O to my best friend J Norm dedicating Juicy by Biggie Smalls to my 21st in the club. That's a FINE end to the night! 
may i just say the mtv awards is shit w/o Michael Jackson 
ICYMI: Last Monday in the city with Paul Heyman. This Monday he returns to WWE Raw with Brock Lesnar! 
I know one thing I can do tomorrow.. Write a blog post about my newly discovered love for Vampire Diaries! 
@user @user the poor things are so jaded!  Nobody cares about gags, Madonna is going to shit on her premiere tomorrow! 
@user Quran says when flag of islam flies over every country, the 12th IMAM SHALL RISE UP OUT OF FIRE &amp; SMOKE &amp; rule his domain." 
@user Good luck tomorrow :) and  have you ever been to Scotland or Ireland.  And if you have did you like it? 
@user in similarly shocking news, the sun is hot and the Pope is Catholic. Can't believe there is anyone who trusts this woman. 
@user I'm right in thinking you're at Whooverville in Derby on September 3rd aren't I? If so I'll see you there :) x 
Watching the 2nd punisher. Wish they\u2019d make another one with Quentin Tarentino directing and Thomas Jane as Castle 
Why does the media keep giving this brain dead moron air time?  Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said Sunday she... 
@user I'm sure you've heard that Jay Lethal wants to cross brands and wrestle Seth Rollins. That belongs on Monday's RAW and would be huge." 
@user Michael Marshall shot the hell out of the Hannibal finale. (This movie rules. Loving Maddin Monday) 
My new theory... Petraeus told Romney no to Benghazi at the debate cuz he was planning to blow it up later... Can u say #OCTOBER SUPRISE? 
@user If I'm honest disappointed to hear BBC are covering it, 1st I'd heard, prefer license fee money to be spent on domestic sport. 
@user And the same station that will air new episodes of COUGAR TOWN in January! @user has been good to us\u002c Jordan. #PennyCan 
Back to Norwich City tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn\u2019t fit it all in on Monday... #shopping #Norwich #addicted 
Divine frame & @user presents the official south Alabama football season kick off @ club insanity September 1st 
@user That was an easy one. My ex did Shawn's first 3 albums &amp; he was at my house when I went into labor with my 2nd son. Lol 
Bobby Jindal does push-ups before Republican debate: Washington, Aug 6 : Bobby Jindal may not have made the cu... 
Christians should be the most happy and cheerful people... so others may say 'what makes him so happy?   #Saved #Happy #StraightOuttaOfSin 
As long as Seth Rollins leaves with his title Sunday night then I'll be happy #RAW #TitleForTitle 
James Franklin just have this game away. Mathematically they have to go for 4th and 32. Not enough time to punt. 
@user it seems so. It would have been close had I gone to Iran. Back Thursday. I'll go in the new year. Would be brill 
"Text from my dad: \""""you like Charles Dickens\"""" 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list (too late for Sunday) 2) why th surprise?!" 
World View: Israel and Hezbollah May Be Close to War Again - Barack sides with Iran/Palestine .#tcot .#ccot .#tgdn 
"Paul McCartney, that guy from the Rihanna video, plays Toronto for the first time in five years.  
Had this new planner on my wish list on Amazon.. Let's just say it's on the way and will be here Friday :) 
@user @user Interesting enough why is it Islam is the one culture/ religion 3rd wave feminism refuses to criticize? 
@user don't you guys know android has the same thing on some of theirs and the Apple Watch is the 2nd most sold watch so... 
Seattle's best Iron Maiden tribute band Maiden Seattle plays the Blue Moon on August 8th with Schudge and... 
Omg wtf FML. Can't sleep. College tomorrow and a presentation on the St. Patrick's Day campaign for the Guinness Storehouse..Just want SLEEP 
"RT @user Went looting in Spurs last night, broke into the White Hart Lane cabinet, so left with a pile of dust and a Gareth B ..." 
Fact: if you listen to Zac Brown Band on a gloomy day the sun comes out 
Fast bowler James Pattinson has a buttock injury and won't play in tomorrow's third and deciding one day final against Sri Lanka.  #cricket 
What will happen to the clemency plea before the President? SC says Yakub can be executed on Thursday. 
@user go you, well done! Glad ur legs stayed loyal lol. I'm back tomorrow too. Jiujitsu went well thanks #funkyjiujitsu love it. x" 
@user If Escobar was hurt I would hope you would be calling for Thor's suspension. If KC throws up tomorrow, you should have no prob" 
"IRON MAIDEN: 'Speed Of Light' Single To Debut Tomorrow: ""Speed Of Light"", the new single from Briti... #metalnews" 
Forward Chris Maguire has claimed the team spirit at Sheffield Wednesday is the best he has ever known it. #swfc #theowls #wawaw 
@user  who was the dork asking Paul Dunne what will be your thought in the first tee tomorrow. What a stupid question that was 
@user Depends what she said though, Nicki may have had a reason to start! Have you seen the video?" 
and the 17th is Star Wars Day :D 
"Swear to god if Sam Smith's singing the new Bond theme, I shall CRY.  Why? Just WHY would you do that?  I may be biased, but er..LANA!?!" 
HEY!!! I'm selling two Sam Smith tickets for this Saturday. DM me if you're interested!!! 
Mdm. Oracle is back! See her again and the rest of SPIT this Saturday at Eastwood! 
"Carly Fiorina is a sad excuse for a successful woman. she may be a former CEO, and that's great, but her politics are fucked up big time." 
My mate in Turin has spare ticket for U2 gig tomorrow. I was going but we had a baby this wk! Any #F1 fans in #Monza want it DM me. #genuine 
The #SacredHeartsAcademy Gala is on Friday evening!   Read about the Distinguished Alumnae: 
"Tuesday Attack by Boko Haram militants on Gamgara village, near the town of Bosso, Niger left a dozen people dead, local sources report" 
Do you guys remember that not too long ago Nicki was like one of the most hated artist.. During her Pink Friday album 
Kanye West was honored with the Video Vanguard Award on Sunday night and a surprising star presented the rapper with the award -- Taylor 
"Strange Sunday Graham Richardson defending Gillard. Stating the PM did NOT plot against Rudd (as he says \""""& I should know\"""") #auspol" 
@user Just thinking of the mag on exorcisms u mentioned Fri. u need 2 c the documentary The Devil Inside which is based on true events 
@user I'll do the same in november :) budapest &amp; milan Enjoy a lot 
Carly Fiorina seems to think that 12 year old girls shouldn't be given the HPV vaccine. She may think it's only for girls. Michael Douglas! 
Prince George is having a helicopter themed 2nd birthday party. I wonder if Bronny will try to crash it. #royalparty #bronnygate #crash 
Very proud of Justin and all he's accomplished with What Do You Mean so far, November 13 is getting close!! 
@user @user @user @user Goldschimdt? for leading a last place team? Harper? may not even make the playoffs lol 
heisesec The H Roundup - Google Drive backdoor\u002c Wayland 1.0 and Raspberry Pi: In the week ending 27 October - Go... 
"Triple H was never Ric Flair's bitch...this Sunday I'm gonna make you mine!!!"  - John Cena #Raw #TitleforTitle #JohnCena  #Truth 
"don't see why old women move away when I sat down, dw dearies I ain't on it to steal your handbag or infect you with gay" 
Read my opinion ab Tony Blair's apology published in the friday 
"I want the kids tomorrow to know that the ""world's greatest boxer,"" Floyd Mayweather, Jr., ran and won." 
A really unimpressive 1st half of football at Wembley (then again what do you expect.) can see Kane coming on early on. #ENGvSWI #England 
@user tell him that you'll meet at Ryan Braun's loft next Saturday, since you know where that is already." 
@user nah I'm prolly jus gonna get the Gucci foams that come out on Friday 
"If you think Chuck Norris can't rape you anytime, anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow." 
@user @user ok... First thing first.. U gotta know the statement wasn't made by Zayn but management and the sun 
@user I hope next eid will be better than this one for u...prayers for ur mom and grandmom..may Allah bless them and give you peace.. 
Fuck the talent show lets go to the basketball tournament on Friday at Richard bland to support kenston forest 
@user If you have gotten all the Skulltullas in HW do you know the location of the 2nd one in Ruto's 3rd lv weapon? Where it spawns? 
"I'm gonna be blessed with the 5th album, justin, zayn, frank ocean (when he rises from death), adele.. I'm not stressed" 
What is chilling? I get more stick from Muslims than I ever do from non-Muslims - am sorry it is the truth world - as much as it may pain 
"If Viz Media had licensed One Piece, Luffy may have been voiced by Maile Flanagan, who does Naruto. That's just me." 
But excited for the scramble at knollwood tomorrow morning. Going to tear the west course up 
It\u2019s going to be a sad day in Port Charles tomorrow! @user @user #JasonMorgan #StoneCold 
"Paul Dunne shares 3rd-round lead at the Open. ... Wait, who?!?! 
Plus I got Seinfeld all on DVD Plus I killed the math section on the SAT 
I never had a good time\u002c I sat by my bedside\u002c with papers & poetry about Estella. 
Mersey side derby tomorrow\u002c who do you think will come out on top? #behindthegoal 
or just start watching Game of Thrones and be like, "i'll finish it tomorrow before 2" 
@user @user it's crazy what happing in Middle East, 1st it was only just Israel nowit's spread&amp;ppl killingtheonetheylived4ages" 
"This Thursday we have tickets to the special pre-screening event of \""""The Donkey Show\"""" Adrienne Arsht Center for... 
Coming December 11th &amp; December 12th LIVE on PARTY103! We celebrate the Epic 100th Episode of Curtis &amp; Craigs... 
Sooooo it looks like I won\u2019t be seeing Mick Foley in February. 
"Everyone's out Black Friday shopping talking about what deals they got and I'm just over here like """"Hey I'm eating Thanksgiving leftovers!""""." 
"My man Uzumaki Khan takes Thursday's off work just to watch Naruto, love that guy man" 
The Knicks vs Nets game got moved all the way to the 26th damn 
@user Hey Milan - A member of our team has sent you an email. Please reply there with any questions you may have. 
Bush and Clinton are running for their parties nomination. and Jurassic Park (World) is a hit at the box office. Jays are in 1st place 
"Derrick Rose may be the worst at doing press conferences, he can't talk to save his life" 
@user It's gonna be hard enjoying Christmas knowing you're facing Rousey on 2nd January. Yeah, good luck with that one :D" 
@user is true that you will give two concerts in Mexico City on 01 & October 02, please tell me because not enough tickets TE AMO" 
The world is going to end the day Kanye West is elected pres or tomorrow 
"RT @user RT @user After Hours tonight - Jammin, Dimples, Durrty Skanx, Harry Shotta, Byron & Romo audio download: ..." 
@user  can you play wah wah or bware of darkeness by george harrison tomorrow please :) 
they say 3rd times the charm but this is my 3rd time in israel and today I got lost in Jaffa for 5 hours 
@user calibraska is 7th in Italy but no one can hear it because of the 'explicit' #CalibraskaEP 
"Congratulations to Olivia Jordan, who won Miss USA on Sunday!!  Olivia worked with us for several years while at... 
If my stomach still feels funny tomorrow\u002c I\u2019m going to punch one\u002c or possibly all\u002c of the Jordan kids right in the kidneys. 
The sun had now completely risen\u002c and the whole facade of Granite House became illuminated by its rays; but in the interior as well as on t 
@user you just askin the wrong folks. Equalizer is a must tomorrow since I'm off 
Not able to watch the Enrile documentary\u002c but I\u2019ve a sense he (yet again) won\u2019t like tomorrow\u2019s INQ editorial. 
NORTH AMERICA: 'Ant-Man' Claims #1 on Tuesday with $4.27M; 'Minions' Remains a Close #2 with $4.01M; 'Pixels' ... 
guysss is it true that selena's album is gonna be released on november 24th omggg 
Hearts throbbing\u002c might not make it to my 21st... #SIKE! Better watch out world\u002c Courtney\u2019s here & no ones stopping me. 
Not being funny but is it true that Saudi conceded that they got it wrong by declaring Eid on the Friday ? ..... 
@user Being Human. Is that the 23rd? If it is I am free for a London trip...if I\u2019m welcome as a guest. I\u2019ll bring cream eggs haha 
"Remember The Sun newspaper supports this Tory government, it supported Tony Blair's government. It is an insult to us all. Vote #Corbyn :)" 
Finally watched PLL Halloween episode. Will now watch Gossip girl then 90210. Homework day tomorrow!! 
We always mess up when we get the chance to go up the table when Atleti or Barca mess up. PLEASE WIN TOMORROW :) @user 
@user on 2nd thought, I would have 2 cute kitties and you could have my CNBC Obsessed, Oracle employed, somewhat grumpy husband, deal! 
@user what do you think\u002c dynasty league\u002c Trent Richardson and my 2nd and 3rd round picks\u002c for Ridley and two 1st rounders? 
"Watched a movie yesterday #The70's on #OVTV and was pleasantly surprised to see Michael Easton (John, #OLTL) in it." 
Sreven Taylor will look pretty daft after the Mackems win tomorrow\u002ci really think they will beat you.PARMO 
nirvana bros be like AH YES KURT RLY RESPECTED TEH WOMEN tonight then go back 2 their courtney murder conspiracy tackboard tomorrow lmao 
@user I never once thought, it would be Kane until the last hr. people starting it may be Kane." 
I feel bad for the ppl that have to take the ACT tomorrow 
Purples and Football at Baby A's with my Aunt and Cousin. ready to see my JETS play on monday ;) 
Delightful day in Old Town Hastings with my nephew &amp; niece - even without sun. Highlights definitely were the swan boats and vanilla fudge. 
Carly Fiorina is 3rd in Iowa with 10% of the vote behind Trump and Carson 23% yet @user is not going to allow her to debate. #WarOnWomen 
"False. David Wright was #1, Granderson is still #2 sorry he's not a 15M pp, #3 Cuddyer 22M &amp; 1st rnd pk,#4 CY,#5 FF 
The most unheralded competitive England international of all time? MT @user Marino in the Thursday night Europa League slot 
Casinos in Atlantic City closed since Sunday because of Sandy. What did the pathological gamblers do ? 
"Rory will miss the WGC event in Shanghai. Flies to Sofia after exhibitn match with Tiger tomorrow, to watch Caroline Wozniacki in tournament" 
Looking at the @user results from the gold coast is getting me excited for going at twickers in May :D 
"Because seriously, who the **** is Chris Evans? Virtually world famous in all of England. Real stars like Sabine may save that show but..." 
A primer on Madonna's Rebel Heart Tour: The tour kicks off at the Bell Centre on Wednesday and Thursday. 
Music is on shuffle but this is the 4th Fleetwood Mac song in a row what is my phone trying to tell me 
Rick Perry may by a vineyard and retire so he can whine all day. 
Game and Knott's on the 18th. 
"Ok sir RT @user Nigeria will still top the group.If we lose,we'll be 2nd & face Brazil. (cont) 
Having the NY Marathon on Sunday is like having a parade in Raccoon city right after the T-Virus went airborne. 
Whew\u002c long day unpacking the Turner house. Now a movie and knitting with my honey. How\u2019s your Saturday going? 
"Kevin Sullivan talks about nWo ceding power to Hulk Hogan, Greg Valentine accidentally knocking himself out and more! 
@user I\u2019m not watch today :(\u002c but my friday going to be just for TVD 
@user of it's an argument that ends that conversation, as Christians we can't let the sun go down on our anger so we have to try" 
Pleased to welcome the LGBT community to the Capital City for the 26th Annual Pride Parade in downtown Lansing... 
"Fuck man, I can't go see Shawn on the 8th and I can't go to see Jack &amp; Jack on the 9th." 
date: august 11th still no sign of frank ocean's new album. the world is turning on itself. buildings are burning. god refuses to comment. 
I know that the new Iron Maiden album is not out until Friday but it just keeps getting better! 
My parents' car rendition of Bad Blood may actually kill me one day 
@user : See the condition of congress, 4th pass Sonia Gandhi bar maid &amp; Rahul Gandhi are at top post of oldest party of country" 
It was a WILD night at @user Jazz at the Bistro. Amy Schumer &amp; cast dug our 2nd set &amp; had a comedy jam- Epic! 
I may have threw up in my mouth and screamed a little when the trailer came on before Paper Towns 
@user Might see you on Saturday as Sunday will be hectic. I've got a flight today then from London to Milan tomorrow! 
Tomorrow will be an exciting day at FBC as we celebrate baptism with 4 new Christians! Join us to worship God who saves us in Christ! 
@user don't do it!  He won't respect you!  RT @user Boehner asks Obama to move speech to Thursday 
RT @user RT @user Monday Night FOotball vs the JETS 1st game of the year lets see what we are made of. Road to Indy f ... 
@user Sorry to hear that! If things change before Feb, lemme know! I'll buy you a coffee and squee about Kim and Briana at you. *lol*" 
made a shitty Family Guy gif last night out of boredom. gonna post it on Tumblr. 
To be continued in: Rise of the John Cena stans coming to theatres near you October 3rd 2015 
Twitter overhauls iPad app with responsive design #July 
#InternationalDirectionerDay It's obv. Directioners Day is on 23rd of July.. Directionators are just jerks! 
"Now that Droid Bionic is finally \""official\"" for 9/8, I'll just wait til Oct so I have something to compare it to. Vigor or Prime maybe?" 
"Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day! Have a scoop, it fits into many of these healthy family tips! 
So Caitlyn Jenner may face man slaughter charges. He thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison 
@user in your bio you mention July 25th 2013 does that mean that you are going to the 1D concert at the Maverik Center like me? 
I am listening to @user 's (with @user version of Bad Blood for the 11th time this night.Hope you come to Australia with pmj 
@user @user sadly this is affecting us too.Relief turned down,rateable value up..awaiting response about 2nd appeal from LCC" 
@user He's just one. He's spent the summer being looked after grandparents which may have been an error, now thinks he's Prince George!" 
I've listened to the KSU Clarinet Choir recording of the Jurassic Park theme 11 times today. Currently listening to it for a 12th time. 
About 400 bricks just cascaded from a building on 2nd between 42nd & 41st onto water system of Hilton Hotel / Tudor Hotel. Scary 
@user you going to Zachary\u2019s tomorrow man 
"Back in California, come watch some ASU hockey at UCLA tonight and SDSU tomorrow and Saturday, I'll be your friend if you do" 
"Niall is wearing the leg brace on stage. He may be injured and from the looks of it, no jumping for tonight! :( #OTRAMontreal" 
Calling all voters\u002c I\u2019m calling on Nevada\u002cFlorida\u002cOhio\u002cTuesday night is the night u guys will i repeat will shine for the president lets go! 
@user focus on Briana and Michael and your family - just look at those gorgeous grand babies! They think u r the sun! Be happy Vicki. 
@user agreed. But another SEC loss makes it awfully hard for the Tigers to play in the Georgia Dome on Dec. 6. Two more: lights out 
Lets go saints Saints: Saints 7th round pick OT Marcel Jones from Nebraska at the NFL Combine Saints: Saints 7t... 
One more day of work tomorrow. Then Jason Aldean Concert!! Off Friday and Monday. Bills game Friday! Draft Sunday. Bring on this weekend! 
BAY HEAD\u002c N.J./BOSTON\u002c Nov 2 (Reuters) - The people of the Jersey Shore may feel alone in the world right now\u002c t... 
"Make sure you buy tickets for Mobtown Moon Preview at Creative Alliance on Sat, Sep 8 ! 
@user I love Israel. Love the Jews. So I may make a terrible Nazi. :(   @user @user @user 
Apple Watch is a FLOP as aales of the gadget have ... 
Panasonic Eluga getting Ice Cream Sandwich update:  Panasonic may have all but pulled out of the European smartp... 
Apple's Tim Cook has just taken to the stage promising some mega announcements - even skipping the regular updates: 
@user @user that awkward moment when im going to gay pride tomorrow:/ 
@user Not really though. Diet\u2019s harder to find. Last year\u002c it was out til mid-Nov. then gone when Xmas got here. Gotta be ready. 
@user @user   happy to put the fight together tomorrow if the Brazilian slugger can cut down to 135 pounds to face Rousey 
if i sat beside niall i would be so annoyed bc he looks like he chews his gum annoyingly loud  
Sept 17 video chat: running DevOps in hybrid cloud with @user and IBM experts. 
Happy Star Wars Day from your friends at The Mongcast! May the force be with you.  
Its always been this way. Nothing new under the sun. Bitches been gay since Cain killed Abel. Ya'll are not doing anything new... 
Get ready for our Wednesday Drink Specials Wednesday - 3-8pm Have it your Way Margarita Day  ( Bar Brand Only)... 
Lumber Jack out tomorrow as we take down the Colts! 
Let's see what shitty movie Netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight. 
Making plans with my friends is like Ice Cube trying to get another Friday done. 
"Well, the theme in UAN is WINTER SEASON I can't feel it they're so HOT! Hotter than the SUN!" 
@user Boko Haram fighters slit the throats of 10 fishermen in Africa on Thursday; no mention from you.  Jericho OK though so happy days 
@user @user My PS4 is gonna be a busy little console tonight... and tomorrow... and tomorrow night. 
NEWS: Plan B confirms February UK tour with support from Labrinth and Rudimental! 
"Increased vetting of Obama's""Come to America""Visa card ALL we need to stop the Iran deal? GOP Won't go for it #tcot 
"Andre Berto gets the call for Floyd Mayweather's ""final"" fight. Sept 12. Start booking hotel rooms now!" 
Celebrating the memories of a man who graced us with his knowledge and passion for the game every Monday night #RIP Frank Gifford. #Pro #NFL 
Sonic on OST is the worst place in 3rd ward! 
the games i ordered that came out Tuesday were going to shipped from NJ so safe to say i\u2019ll be waiting a bit more till they get shipped. 
@user I really want to see Justin Bieber April 10,2016 in Dallas, Texas" 
wow, angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany (VIDEO): 
Jerry Vance may no longer be a Conservative candidate but maybe Harper can name him to the Senate. #elxn42 
"At 12:00 AM - Hey Yakub, Happy birthday... May God give you a long life   *awkward silence*" 
Of course its true. Racists are beside themselves because Obama beat them. 1st thing they did was contact you Sellouts. TK @user 
I still have to memorize the 5th paragraph of Obama's speech tho 
8th strikeout of the afternoon for David Price's 100th career win! 
Zowie! Did Hillary Clinton really call Scott Walker THIS? (May be the worst timed tweet ever) #Walker16 
I drew a fairy King on - with David Bowie pants and all. hope to see everyone on Saturday :D 
I hope every young girl watched the Williams sisters tonight. Serena may have won but they'll go down as the greatest sibling duo ever! 
Erdogan comments on recent escalation of violence: Our public will (punish) some people for it on (elex day) Nov. 1 
Man I hope she doesn't Frank Ocean us  
@user get well soon, Danee :) take a rest well tonight! hope tomorrow will be a good day for you \(^-^ )/ hwaiting~~" 
Gregg Williams may never find a job in the NFL again if he\u2019s allowed back. Snitchin will make your situation worse! 
Peter did you miss this? #TREND Runako Morton 
Cubs win! Walk off home run in the 10th by the blue eyed killa Kris Bryant! 
Kobe in the 4th is like Eli Manning. #Beware 
Big Brother starting next Friday? At the end of this morning @user slipped up &amp; said 'don't cause you'll get me sacked before Friday night 
"Cant wait to see \""""Flight\"""" on Saturday\u002c Denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside Leo and De Niro" 
"You never forget your first love, not surprisec in Oedipus's case he saw her every Mothering Sunday." 
"'Wanna go to the first freshers party?' 'Na I've just started watching Naruto for the 7th time, email me pics'" 
"Tianna- Happy Sunday! (Sips coffee...) Ah, let's kick it off with Rihanna, Shawn Hook, Hedley, and Christina Aguilera. Who's with me?!" 
@user Mulcair, Trudeau and May are all weaklings just like Harper. Mulcair must dubious and dangerous of bunch. Apologist for Isis. 
"Sunday, during the Q&amp;A segment of the Miss USA pageant Miss Texas (Ylianna Guerra) made such an unapologetically... 
"Cant wait to watch the debate tomorrow night. If Romney grills Obama as hard as he did Gingrich in FL, Romney will wipe the floor with Obama" 